secular guest	thankful no one feels the need	to say grace
low moon?	the canoe's shadow rocks	on the river	
schoolyard quiet?	the scribble of ants	in a stone shadow	
autumn morning??	a retiree watches	the one-way cars	
slowly in the park	grass and damp earth before	eight hours of air conditioning	
old snag??	a woodpecker starts	the day	
cold dawn	the old ford turns over	once	
in the clouds,	a fish i have not	seen before	
winter solstice	out-of-town snow	comes in with the coal train	
a paper cross	for the dead butterfly	takes flight	
new year	explosions of fireworks	how constant the stars
the baby nods	cottonwood seeds	drift along the road	
a centipede	takes its morning walk...	aah, my kitchen table	
bathing boys	water cools	hot tap on, and on
summer evening?	a boat returns to harbor	with pink sails	
soap bubbles	from a child's wand . . .	spring breeze	
summer clouds	she talks about death	hypothetically	
against the night sky	the curved shape of an owl	my mitten in yours	
power outage??	forced outside to read	i put down my book	
before the trash	after the trash	the song of the thrush	
deserted wharf	the mine bows	to the moon
twice swept out	twice blown back	a dove's feather	
my cuban lover	twirls the knit scarf from her neck	and she is naked.
blossoms...	the baby's bare feet	pedal the air
dark waters crest	tied to an old oak	a wooden casket	
sun-dried grasses	quietly, the sparrows	whirr as i pass
talking with him	i taste you	in the tea you serve
nightfall . . .	blowing out	the marshmallow	
faintly to the pleiades robin song
moonlit night	through the storm door	the raccoon's face	
looking for work	the cold deepens	in the elbow joints
clear marsh sky the sound of geese	drinking water	
foggy road	after the corner I find	a closed wall	
fading harbour light	becoming brisker	her brush strokes
river road	he stops to buy	a can of worms	
manhattan	bus doors clossse	with a hisss	
fading light	a small boy hurls rocks	at the surf	
winding garden path	a little girl splashes through	multi-colored puddles	
October morning -	on the red boat	the heron	
honeysuckle	the hummingbird	presses in deeper	
perfect eye exam	god in his compassion knows	already deaf
tea in china cups	the wet afternoon perfumed	with tangerine peels	
sunny day	a wasp tastes	everyone's beer	
grease oozes	from a ferris wheel	the long day	
what the raven	has to say about them	snow clouds	
airborne again -	the roadkill's	feathers	
huge cedar	snow resifted	through hemlocks	
winner of Bouquet	She would have given	The big blond	
"grabs" and "opens"	the fist	sowing seeds
city lake?	on the transparent ice	a brick	
The red breasted bird	outside the cancer clinic	Spring nest building now	
the last telephone pole	a herring gull perched	on one leg	
homeless	pushing a cart along	Commerce Avenue	
silence eternal	a thousand birds beauty	supressed by mind
Eid's sale	the Sikh shopkeeper	opens later than usual	
zen garden snow melts	in raked patterns	
clean lawn -	a jasmine leaf	blood-red	
dry haystack	the muffled sound	of rain	
channel marker	fledgling ospreys	stretch their wings	
lingering twilight	a water dragon's tail	dangles in the pool	
the storm clears	a mockingbird sings	in the moonlight	
the night watchman	almost closes his eyes	waning crescent	
blue sky	outside a clinic	a nurse takes a smoke break	
sudden rainstorm	my place in another world	kept by a bookmark	
cold morning	the old horse gets up	and goes to work	
autumn dusk??	the hill gradually slopes	toward city din	
At rest	in the crow's nest	crescent moon	
sea turtle	one thousand miles	his eye on a star
just long enough	to leave an impression	dragonfly	
winter sunset	their argument's	long shadows
manhattan skyline??	i gather egg-shaped stones	by the river	
downwind	the breath	of lemon blossoms	
fragrance of cedar	he tucks the twig	behind her ear	
if you were   silent   flight of herons   on dark sky ...   oh! autumn snowflakes!
4th of july	congealed ketchup	around the cap	
long illness	unfolding someone's	dog-eared pages	
august moon?	no one speaks	of the humidity	
northern lights	steam rises	from the coffee cup	
the secret she tells	a wave opens	over the headland	
stick figures	including one	i recognize
late night	she shows me her garden	I taste her tomatoes	
moonless night	children's muffled voices	from the snow fort	
christmas eve??	candles flicker through	our wine glasses	
unsuspected metastasis moss on the roof tiles	
mosquito larvae?	sudden fits of motion	in the rain barrel	
approaching winter??	i leave the seashell	at the bottom of the purse	
anti-war demo	snowflakes melt	on the horse's backside	
indian summer	an unsealed letter	on the table	
afternoon fog	the point of the meeting	getting lost	
Autumn downpour	I stand under the canopy	of a house for sale	
A sea change	the weather turns cool	hot rum and lemon	
back to school	the bitter end	of the cucumber	
evening fog	some one behind me	speaks in Cockney	
stopped	on the iron fence	dove feather	
morning fog	the dry cleaner says	he can't find my coat	
all day rain	easter egg dye	in coffee mugs	
red dawn	the discord	of warbling finches	
heat lightning	a siren	nearer and nearer	
silver moon	a loudspeaker barks	at the night	
She ran out of steam to follow	her bouncing breasts	the jogueuse shorts	
secrets	burrowing in sand dunes	a pale sunlight	
storm crosses	the traveller's shadow	he marches on
summer heat	my air conditioner	sweating	
whelk egg case	my father and my child,	heads just touching	
waiting for the bus -	at the end of the street	sunset	
now the   swinging bridge   is quieted   with creepers...   like our tendrilled life
sound of the rain -	penetrating my sleep	at dawn	
man in a filthy army jacket	tries to scratch on	his name
veteran's day	it whips the way	wet flags do	
this cold-	Sakura cherry blossoms	on my window	
snow	the mourners	huddle closer
hotel window	a thistledown blows in	and out	
faded postcard	the Nagasaki temple	Then	
day lilies	another death date added	to the family tree
grey group is the best	so are the mint and green group	so prize are given
withering wind . . .	a hurt with a name	i can?t pronounce	
early frost	the fragrance of pine	on fire
high autumn days	the morning glories open	to whatever comes	
bare branches	a swishing broom	finds its rhythm	
early sign of spring	snow shovels become	half-priced sale items	
fallen maple leaves	flatten in the rain	cries of southbound geese	
wool wedding	the first moth	in the closet	
snow in the forecast	my neighbor's husky	wags his tail	
slow dawn	the first flower	on the marrow plant	
lazy midtown morning -	do those green copper gargoyles	feel the cold?	
orange marmalade?	the last time mother	knew my name	
spilling	from the sound of thunder	a raindrop
nicht fushin -	quarter muin's	siller preen	
summer pajamas	my grownup ways to dawdle	past bedtime	
one stroke	splits the log?	a crow caws	
firelight	the hiss and crackle	of an old lp	
spring dusk	the cat's tail	off on a hunt	
a camellia   dropped down into   still waters   of a deep dark well
eviction notice??	a moth ricochets	in the lampshade	
fighting illness-	the darkness before the light	of the new year	
electrical storm:	my daughter practices	the letter 's?	
leaving your home	kowhai flowers	flick off my windscreen
i check once again	for any missed calls??	intermittent rain	
key west sunset??	trading one shell	for another	
quiet house?	a spot of decay	on the anthurium	
sunset on ice	my slow shadow	by giacometti	
dull afternoon...	-even the fresh snow	is tinted gray	
Fog on the mountain,	Rain tapping the window pane,	Cup of tea, steaming.	
under the snowpack	the garden  buddha	still keeps his smile	
summer sunset	the slow glide of a heron	into shadows	
new moon and star	just the slightest curve	of her belly	
summer solstice	a little sunfish	puts up a fight	
cloudy day -	the horn	of a yellow cab	
train departure -	darkness sets	at the window	
october sunset	the glow of tomatoes	on the sill	
rainy bridge-	the river flowing	faster	
leaving . . .	she uncoils the morning glory	from the garden gate	
first tuft	of milkweed fluff?	a wish for more summer	
labor day	the sixth grader's	worry lines	
april's air   stirs in   willow-leaves ...   a butterfly   floats and balances
midnight	at the railway crossing:	last kiss of summer	
first snow	he promises to write	a new will	
summer?night	his'sister?and?i	suddenly?alone	
a wasp nest	out of reach of the hose	autumn begins	
snowman	one less carrot	in the pot	
going   snow-viewing   one by one the   walkers vanish...   whitely falling veils
bulbul blues	a yellow flower floats	in my tea cup	
Zen garden -	the shadow of the stone Buddha	changed places	
through endless rain	the whistle	of the paperboy	
rain on summer sand	a child writes	the dead pony's name	
late evening	the monks' chanting	overcome by cicadas	
winter evening:	neither of us bothers	to remove the tea bags	
Palm Sunday -	the white flowers of the orchid	that was believed dead	
twilight beach?	a wave takes half	the lovers? heart	
storm brewing	our cat sphinxed out	on the porch rail	
grey skies grey thoughts	so clear as reflections	on rain puddles	
leaving home . . .	the smell of smoke	from old brick chimneys
why should a fiddlehead	become a fern?	flower moon	
with the slow blue silence	the ice fisherman	waits
summer afternoon	baby and i discover	the beauty of leaves	
long drive home	grass poking through	fresh fallen snow	
undressing for bed	I find a hole in my sock -	the winter wind	
home for the weekend	a water lily's root	trailing out of sight	
ancient stone circle	the flow	of a robin's song	
dad's tie	slips from my neck??	bearded iris	
seasons stilled	a red paper poppy	in memoriam	
a murther	craws	gaitherin	
making pancakes	between whispers...	morning mist	
snow moon??	steam rising	off the milk pail	
afternoon haze	the slow wind-up	of a cicada	
road work	three crows study	a pavement reflector
solar eclipse	the rare silence	of seagulls
a setback	in her treatment	frost-tipped lavender	
my flight delayed	he polishes the barware	with a flourish	
plonk	the center of the world-	haikai	
tracking	the scent of fox	follows me	
cool autumn...	wondering what an ant Thinks	about after work	
garage sale	the flowered couch on which	I became a woman	
three fiddlers?	a dog weaves between	pints of stout	
mountain air	a caterpillar reaches	the twig's end	
first kisses	briar?buds?and'skunk?cabbage	shedding their frost	
wild berries	one training wheel lifts	round the curve
freezing rain	the old doe	slow to leave the meadow	
the slickness	of the otter's back?	night rain	
lights out	...the firefly	inside
dunt on the kist -	yirth frae an Irish brae	tae a Scots brae	
In Morse code	the woodpecker	announces spring	
only two pinecones	on the park bench	Valentine's day	
together we sleep	surrounded by things that don't	the campfire keeps watch
spring shower	her parasol opens	to take him in	
High winds	trees down on power lines	no morning coffee	
yo wut iz haiku	iz it sumtin dat you do	well wat do you do
handshake	not a kiss	starless night	
evening calm	a hummingbird works her way up	the trumpet vine	
vacation's end??	windshield wipers in synch	with the radio	
loon call     the stillness of the lake
men's mouths gossip	just like a woman's	just shorter words
downpour of sleet -	the flower falls	suns bouquets	
the end of the day	the florist unsold	chrysanthemums	
no desire	to talk it through	first moon of winter	
early spring	the teenager guns	his engine	
spring gale	raindrops on the raw wood	of the new fence	
russian mobsters,	brooding over	chessboards -
warm sand	we leave our impressions	behind	
on my office couch	i lean back,	back,	this nescafe's	the length of my desire
after fireworks	the last croaks	of roosting egrets	
morning yoga??	the curve of a lizard	on the wall	
winter evening	the house cat sinks its teeth	deeper into me
sealing dad's niche . . .	one flowered umbrella	among the black ones	
just passing through...	a parking lot where I saw	Gone with the Wind	
burning leaves	this foggy evening	two kinds of smoke	
in the subway	the young conductor cues	imaginary oboes
the right shoes	in the wrong size	october moon	
nightfall	prairie wind	rattles roadside reflectors	
falling leaves	a trail of clothing	leads to the bed	
ferry gift shop?	all the tourist mugs	gently clinking	
a faint groove	round my ring finger	new moon	
between innings?	the joy of the game	on my son's face	
scrubwoods	a homeless man	at home	
depth of winter	rubbing more face cream	into my crow's-feet	
desire	the honey	inside me	
mudslide	the last rain of 2005	segues into '06	
his ashes	turning into the current	the turtle's ears	
in the dry grass	frost appears	on the fallen pears	
first dawn alone-	the widow eats his half	of the orange	
what if . . .	around the pig's snout	green butterflies	
autumn	the church steeple reappears	in the blue sky	
snowed in . . .	opening the lid	of my breadmaker	
distant wren song . . .	the brown river	slowed to green	
liggin hert tae hert	tentie	o the rackets	
pale sun -	the first butterfly	September	
an old woolen sweater	taken yarn by yarn	from the snowbank
my silver shackles	gossamer threads	under these stars
tilted fence	layers of shadows	on the ivy	
the strike of a nail	travels down the fence	dog days	
dawn breeze	a song of migrants	from the potato field	
Valentine's dinner	nothing on the menu	suits him	
snow-swallowed   valley:   only the   winding river...   black fluent brush-stroke
redwood grove	their arguing	hushed	
stuck in traffic	the white billboard	bigger than the moon
fluttering leaves	the play of sunlight	on my eyelids	
wave after wave	no one i knew	as a child remains	
a dry new year	december snowman begins	to show his age	
landfall	for a jellyfish	and lightning	
fall migration	streaks of purple loosestrife	through the marsh	
steady current	the great carp opens	and closes its mouth	
hard winter ground -	we argue about	the constellations	
a red ribbon	writhing in the street	bitter cold
the shimmering mist	on the clear smooth glass	a breath in and out
late fall	one by one parachutists	return to earth	
dont step on the cracks	in the butterfly garden	oops	one insect less.
lonely walk	looking for the sun	for my shadow	
ki	3... 2... 1... 2012!	ss	
after a swim	the rock's warmth . . .	soaring gull	
conservatory,	the carnivorous plants	behind glass
sitting on the ground	her bare shoulder	armless	
almost no	cards to buy	father's day	
overcast sky	he hands out fliers	for a tanning salon	
back from the war	the tap he couldn't fix	still dripping
autumn sunset	the flutter of the sail	as it loses wind	
a gazillion germs	in a sneeze	yet more stars	
coat hanger rust	on his church shirt??	winter comes early	
miles to go . . .	the grazing	roadside deer	
cold spring rain	a yellow wheelbarrow	starts to shine	
my tears come	then the sound	spring rain	
trying?to?listen	as?if?i?didn't?know?him	wind?through?the?trees	
removing her wedding ring	she brushes t along	her husband's name
father's day	the kite string pulls	from my hand
crisp blue sky	the fir tip	rests a crow	
the kite's pull?	in another life i wore	a braided pigtail	
double espresso, the wail of sirens on a sultry night	
the same hilltop	but on the other side	of summer	
creekside meditation	the play of light	on birch bark	
the white coffin	she was buried in	this winter light	
first winter rain	i drift into dreams	of my childhood	
February	That him or the moon	woke me up?	
ebb tide	the heron steps	into twilight	
gifts from my mother	unwrapping them	with their shadows	
the bride	on her way to the groom	scent of rose	
calla lily	the sound of a ladder	lengthening
storm damage	the sap still rising	in the stump of a maple	
first of December -	police tape clinging	to a burned-out barn	
autumn moon	the luminous whiskers	of a cat	
a June downpour takes a break	I go out to buy	more water	
amid the myrtle	carved in granite	door to nowhere	
apple slices-	our last words	in the knife's blade	
dried tadpole	stuck with a pin	ticking sleet
making resolutions	piles of fallen needles	beneath the pine	
memories??	the smell of matches	fills the kitchen	
withering heat	on the shed's tin roof	green black walnuts	
summer solstice	a climbing rose	bent with blossoms	
the soft snow falls	on the hill, on my roof and	on the homeless
summer's end -	under a lamp on the path	a moth's dying	
the clouds open up	a halo of rain, downpour	your lips, glistening	
indian summer	the soccer net ripples	with a goal	
winter,s end...	my warm socks	with big holes	
moonless night	pulling the dog	from shadow to shadow	
the day no post comes	a worm writhes	on the garden path	
July	I skip the sunset	and wait for the fireflies	
the softest who?	a flutter in the chimney	sends down soot	
in the grasses	crickets calling	the full moon	
book of haiku -	the imprint of my steps	in the snow March	
weedower -	in's waddin reeng	Pace caunles blinter	
corrugated sun?	chilies and laundry	in rooftop haze	
mistletoe	his smile lines deepen	her blush
a spider comes out	to bundle its catch . . .	evening rain	
a watermelon smile drips off the end of my elbows
adding a squawk	to the scrabble of mice?	rusty hinge	
falling stars	from the sky...	autumn moon	
neighbour's cat	the cicada in its teeth	keeps singing
slave cabin	hidden by acres and acres	of sugarcane	
calls from listeners	who?ve been through the same	winter stars	
new turtle nest	ship lights fade	into sunrise	
feels so good,	let it all out,	bad day on potty,
shortest day of the year	a peculiar voice	from each appliance	
sunglare	the rasp as my clam rake	uncovers tin cans	
friday afternoon	a farmer mows hay	in zigzag patterns	
the rhythmic whirr	of a neighbour's sprinkler	star-filled night	
Low tide	A crab in the castle	My son	
cinnamon toast??	my boys warm	from their beds	
a lost dream	cellular phone	on the night train	
Cigale earthenware	and walker -	end of the journey	
changing pitchers	the base-runner looks up	at a passing cloud
last leaves	shaking on a branch	late migrators	
funeral	for the kid	chosen last
the river	how soon our thoughts turn again	to war
wild flower?	i breathe my	loneliness	
dying maple	just enough leaves	for the wind to rustle	
soft rain	hopscotch pebble	in a puddle	
poems by rilke	all morning the drifting	of pine pollen	
rising sun	the flies and i	remain still	
autumn afternoon:	i stand on the shadow	of the sparrow
sudden rainstorm	the dog shakes off	each drop	
stooping on the edge	of autumn	purple river grass
sound of the rain -	after a while	she calls my name	
seed catalog	the colours of	a winter daydream	
Red fall foliage	the Sun at noon	glorious	
dignified march-	veterans and peacekeepers	pass the applause	
strong April wind	the smell of Iowa hogs	in Minnesota	
ice moon -	the Snowman	kept his scarf	
november email	remembering sycamores	outside the window	
honeymoon trip	he refuses to stop	for directions
hail storm	rearranging gravel	in the Zen garden	
measuring the curves	in a child's hand	the wooly bear
weather forecast	searching the sky	for an isobar	
grand canal	row on row of gondolas	tossing at their stakes	
a maple seed	floats in the millpond . . .	deep blue sky	
deep creek	my father considers	retirement	
the curved back	of a garden Buddha	winter rain	
train whistle	a blackbird hops	along its notes	
never?younger	than?now	i?zest?a?lemon	
red dragonfly	my newest granddaughter's	tiny fingers	
caf breeze the beaded curtain's quiet chatter
the summers day comes,	like a bundle of roses,	floating on a pond.
midnight moon	dark stalks of spanish dagger	pierce the snow	
the sound	of the first fallen leaf	this Autumn day	
harp music . . .	wild pear blossoms	in the teacher's window	
morning haze	I finally adjust	the tv picture	brume du matin	j'ajuste enfin	l'image TV	
deep shadows	i play hide and seek	with the sun	
the swell	before the river splits	into another name	
Hudson River cool breeze	so many men	go topless	
approaching the family plot . . .	my furled umbrella	turns into a cane.
bringing	this sky inside	breath	
sitting alone . . .	how slowly the	icicles melt	
sea cave	the thoughts i keep	inviting back	
road puddles??	umbrellas dip	at each passing car	
corn stubble	rippling ribbons	of blackbirds	
winter night?	too cold to hold	the star chart	
divorce papers	she puts a new battery	in her clock
late evening	an approaching star	becomes a helicopter	
fireworks...	shout for joy at the sight	the glowworm	
the pregnant woman	shifts on the bleachers . . .	extra innings	
Neither white nor black	a yellow smog That will not lift	Alzheimer's pall	
vernal equinox	my days and nights now measured	not in hours	but by our time together	and apart	
field of dandelions	thousands of wishes	going unused	
second week	away from home	wild blackberries	
wind in the tree	tree in the wind	blue sky	
bristlecone pine??	older	than our religions	
family reunion	everywhere i look	my old nose
forgetting my words	step by step	the autumn night deepens	
stone steps	an electric ant takes	the handrail
late autumn	a doll that lost	its sawdust	
the damp stain on the wall	only looks like a damp stain -	Monday morning	
late October warmth	a witch	smiles at me	
falling leaves	my friend and i	discuss clutter	
writing table	i watch a spoon	gather the dawn	
someone at the gate	the blue wren rounds up	all his hens	
Open window	about Starry Night -	it pushes the cloth	
one by one	summer raindrops	darken the pavement
half-empty train	the hand-holds sway	in unison	
morning sun??	fish scales glisten	in the otter scat	
scent of autumn	the first bite of an apple	crunchy and sweet	
December Rain...	person view	on a wall	
down flat	and folded blanket -	its square corner to the door	
moving day . . .	inside this matchbox	a cicada shell	
changing wind	tarpon bones	in the surf	
In the room	white lillies in the vase	scent of pepper	
sudden Spring showers	her mascara	runs	
flea market -	a sitting buddha	on his left side	
sand through fingers	a tracery of palms	midnight blue one	
late-day sun	the cavity of a snag	laced with webs	
summer ending	a dry wind weaves	the willows together	
first blossoms	my cell phone	set to vibrate	
dying afternoon light	the doctor touches her	uncombed hair	
walking over pebbles	her pocket	grows heavy	
new paperback??	the sun sets	without me	
angry voices	the child purrs	to his kitten	
just how	to hold you	paper kite	
night shift	in the parking lot car lights	dim near morning	
out of bleakness in their hundreds the pink-footed geese
autumn rain -	a tattooed man sells	permanent markers	
uphill trail	the scarred trunk	of a giant sequoia	
bird house empty of seed	even the jays	look for bernard	
3:30 a.m.	a single layer	of birdsong	
chiaroscuro	windmills brew	the halo of the moon	
wild thoughts??	the late geese	and their bugling	
school closings??	the snowmen arrive	flake by flake	
chinese opera	her voice inside	my teacup	
eyeing	the apple	at buddha's feet	
old faithful	the crowd arrives	right on time
one breath	the distance between	i am and i was	
fine rain	a faded plastic flower	on the window	
curlews wade	the?emptying?creeks?and?channels	winter twilight	
bird song	the widening span	of my son's hand	
early spring...	young women collecting	peach blossoms	
feather beds airing	on a balcony cumulus clouds	
winter sun	the last photographs	in mother's album	
this steady rain	the one thing I needed	you couldn't do:	to love me	without stint	
mountain trail	a sit-here rock	padded with moss	
sipping green tea	from a styrofoam cup...	stomach in knots	
so close the living the dying   roses in a blue bowl
laborers sink	into the rice field	.... autumn dusk	
summer drought??	deciding where	to cross the creek	
at the risk	of a relapse...	plum blossoms	
sometimes when you're mad,	people start to seem smaller.	the eyes of the hulk.
distant thunder	my daughters? laughter	on the carousel	
sun on my back??	all the flower pots	arranged just so	
the drive-in movie screen	covered with graffiti?	shimmering heat	
slipping in	beneath the kitchen door	-first sunlight	
lunch at the cove	the ebb and flow	of their conversation	
agadirs	Women dressed in dark	stony silence	
mighty hurricane	doesn't care it's a school day	violent summer
sunshine and snow	the boys in the reserves	watch the letterbox	
coffee to go	a dusting of sugar	in with my change	
the fire's scent	lingering	morning moon	
tracings of snow	on the forest boughs??	a horned owl's face	
milky way??	maybe tonight	i?ll conceive	
your kiss	(and chocolate)	my addictions
early morning	few flakes of snow	the basil	
tracks	of the pallbearers	winter dusk	
school desk	one name carved	deeper than the rest	
midday	the dunes of the eye feels	stronger	
mountain wind	the echo of a cuckoo's	cough louder	
hillside thunder	barely a rainbow in a plume	of smoke	
in the holy   dusk   nightingales begin   their psalm...   good! the dinner-gong!
tractor ruts	softened by rain	first buds	
searing heat?	the glint of a plow blade	surfacing from the soil	
door ajar	breathing in	a neighbor's fire	
blackberries shrivel	spider webs stick in hair
new leaves	the same old face	in the mirror	
foxglove	a hummingbird adjusts	the breeze	
day at the zoo??	the elephant's shadow	in a small place	
autumn sun	hidden in the flower bed	mushrooms	
spring moon	the sleeping dog	wears a puppy's face	
red mittens	her laughter ahead	of the snowball	
sundawn	a flutter of mourning doves,	& poised, light-bathed, one faun	nearby, a bell tolls changes
walking meditation?	the path	between fallen apples	
know-it-alls talk	through rolled down windows	dusty road	
full moon	in the fields Clock	all white	
almost evening??	the paper vendor sleeps	on old news	
late summer rose	the feeble twitches	of an orange beetle	
spring rain??	stepping in the spaces	between worms	
changing winds	bring up your kite	and the Dow	
every night	this stretch of road . . .	honeysuckle	
rustle of palm leaves . . .	fishermen play cards	in the boat's shade	
surf's edge	the shape of wind	in her hair	
under the voices	of summer birds	raven	
midnight	some of the sounds	are insects	
formation of geese	a log opens	to the woodsman's maul
resurrection sky	mother somewhere between	here and there	
japanese garden . . .	a bamboo staff left	in the bamboo	
great japan!	where a bird sings	the lotus sutra
stars up in the sky-	next to me on the grassland	just a firefly
cold'sunday?afternoon	all?the?varieties	of?windswept?hair	
worker bees can leave	even drones can fly away	the queen is their slave
source of the creek	a kinglet's	breeding song	
amber leaves	caught between 'for sale'	and 'sold'	
opening the door	to an unexpected knock	the fragrance of plum
market forecast:	record warmth	followed by rain	
alone now	no ruby slippers	to take me home
siller sin -	a drapt quinie	i the burn	
little ladybug	caught after visiting hours:	doing jail time, too
Patriot's Day	a homeless veteran's	weathered sign	
i find myself	losing the trail . . .	greening woods	
late supper	the smell of tomato plants	under my fingernails	
pruning old roses?	the taste of blood	on my tongue	
at dinner	biting into roast beef...	the butcher's thumb nail
bustling shoppers??	the bell ringer's	prosthetic hand	
memories of her	floating in a leftover	cup of tea	
party over	the snap crackle of logs	in an empty room	
cloudy sky	this full moon night	on the calendar	
afternoon breeze??	sound of the loom	from the weaver's house	
rusty fence -	a sunbird	in one of the diamonds	
blind curve	dogwood flowers unfold	in the rain	
city sidewalk	colors swirl in a bubble	of spit	
meditation room	books of wisdom	lean left... and right	
to that scythe moon	looming over the hospice	his tranquil yielding
grosbeak's song	i brush on one more	wall color sample
new minister . . .	gutters guide a spring rain	back to the earth	
two girls sitting in	the park ignore the light rain,	zen meditation
first spring snow	I release my soul in	my first yoga class	
the bare maple tree...	never would she guess, in death,	she'll be a table
the lilac in bud—	a cloud with storm in it	swells over the bay	
pond ice	the fixed eyes	of the decoy	
abandoned farmhouse: a	moth flies out of the water	faucet
house renovation -	the magic mushrooms	he hid 25 years ago	
salmon thrashing	near the base of their ladder	we stop holding hands
window drips grey light	frowning children walk to school	early autumn day
autumn rain . . .	the birdbath fills	drop by drop	
spring moon	she re-threads my dead	nana's pearls	
new moon	forgetting	old acquaintances	
autumn zephyr	my daughter imitates	a maple seed	
remembering . . .	a maya's feather	in dawn light	
white jerseys	spread across the hockey field	indian summer	
valentine's day	his dog drops driftwood	at my feet	
winter night	hot buttered rum	fog on glasses	
dark comes early now??	we speak of the children	we didn?t have	
buttermilk	seeps from the churn??	wild onions	
pass	between the shade of the maple	and the moon	
strange faces are out	this saturday night	the moon	
white dawn...	cherry blossoms	before the sun	
door ajar -	garlands are illuminated	to second	
his stubble	in my sink	morning rain	
moorland path	the sun mining	foxglove scent	
nightfall	the shape of his knees	in the hanging jeans	
demi-lune	la glace craque	sous les pas	
warrior kneeling	just ten paces from the king	candles see the truth
mountain pass wind	whistles through my pack frame??	a pika answers	
deep autumn	the half-naked birch	fully yellow	
dusk?	the tamarack's yellow needles	scattered in the grass	
other lights	than our own?	the milky way	
shimmering heat	a rattlesnake flashes	its new skin	
bulldozer	a yellow caterpillar	in its tracks	
a little inn	with a swinging sign-board . . .	the evening chill	
the hang time	of grasshoppers	lazy afternoon	
sunlit hilltop	she gently sets down	her daisy chain	
a wren cowled	in spider silk	autumn morning	
antler clash	the moose	lock breaths	
missing steeple??	crows settle	in a hemlock tree	
spring storm -	the grey dawn briefly	luminous	
Spring drizzle	a newly homeless man	views an abandoned house	
chalk line	the screech	of infinity	
overnight bus	a young boy picking things	from his sleeping father's hair	
the child's face?	speckled eggs	in the abandoned nest	
summer night breeze	each wish	on bamboo branches	
the'sisters?braid	each?other's'stories?	strawberry?fields	
iv	rain like the deluge:	a mudspattered apache	sings in cibecue.
christmas lists	slightly to starboard	tree stand compromise
the price of tortillas	goes up	let them eat ethanol	
husband at work?	the mailman knocks	to see the newborn	
christmas services	a cellular phone rings out	handel's messiah	
knot?pine?floors	furballs?pirouette	behind?the?corn?broom	
ebb tide	a photo of a missing girl	flutters in the breeze	
deep summer?	the sweet-smelling wake	of a hay wagon	
gathering the night	around itself	whippoorwill	
whistling kettle	snowflakes	in the wind	
tiny seashells	under the magnifying glass	a cut finger	
spring morning?	a bird shoots out	of the scarecrow's sleeve	
tarweed in bloom??	a ground squirrel's	puff of dust	
season of lights	the postman	leans to the wind
wind's kickin' up	i make small talk	with the locals	
market day	hot tired shoppers	wait for the free bus	
farmers? market	the snap of a green bean	over traffic noise	
coyotes	the strange shape	of moonlit mist	
spring haze	a forsythia's	clarity	
solo trip	in the campfire smoke	old memories	
at the edge	just as i let my hair down	the blue heron flies	
neglected garden	the sweet peas	stage a riot	
walking at night	my imagination	follows me home	
crescent moon -	she is cutting her nails	in the garden	
November moon	the last ball of cheese	in the fridge	
street garden	again without leaves	faded graffiti	
phoning the neighbors	their real voices	through the open window
late autumn	the billboard's shadow leans	into the woods
new warmth??	the ruffled feathers	of the raven's throat	
spring shadows??	new razor	for the teenaged son	
sparrow's song the ancient piling	of a lake-dweller site	
brake lights	on the beach freeway	heat rise	
wild flowers??	i brush mosquitoes	from the camera lens	
misty morning??	for as far as i can hear	tree frogs	
time of Gift Giving	near the old computer	a new mouse	
rows of white markers	all at Attention	Memorial Day	
the long night . . .	a gecko echoes	another gecko's cry	
huddled smokers	another conversation	about The Cloud	
just extinguished-	smoke slowly curls	out pumpkin eyes	
late summer downpour	the garden drain spewing	rose petals	
My 72nd winter	the deepening cold	in every room	
trees thick with leaves	on the squirrel-proof feeder	supersquirrel!
steady rain	she rants about her boss	all through supper	
Cloudy sky	the sun a bright red	first cup of coffee	
snapdragons	hearing the sound of	mother's sandals
summer solstice	he remembers	to lift the sea	
all souls day	the scent of smoke lingers	in my hair	
black desolate   moor...   i bow before   the buddha   lighted in thunder
white moonlight	seeps into my sadness-	into a mulch bed	
Atlanta traffic	easy to see why Sherman	burned this city down	
the cry of a nightbird	how slowly a rose opens	in darkness	
stepping stones	a dragonfly lands	on my shoe	
summer rain?	cat draped	over the footstool	
dusty temple yard?	buddha's sandstone face	worn away	
si ronde la lune	cette fin de Juillet cesarienne	pour la patronne du Green Cafe	
winter drive . . .	a flight of starlings	pours into the ditch	
constant wind	the icicles more curved	with each drip	
high autumn sky	i return a greeting	from the dog	
blue sky	the wind disperses the scrips	of a stocks broker	
remembering summer	how brittle the leaves	underfoot	
deeper into autumn	she aches for an honest touch	
a bluejay takes flight	the neighbour's car	needs washing	
fallen tree	on the river	i?ve yet to cross	
ordinary talk,	the squirm of conversation:	nothing much is said.
a hawk's cry	i listen	to the gathering dark	
moonless night	a cereus cactus opens	blooms solstice	
indian summer	the drawing teacher draws	between classes	
childhood home	she spins maple seeds	off the front porch	
first time up this creek	the dragonflies	won?t keep still	
for her solo	the flautist's nipples	stand up
young osprey	how to land softly	with a trout	
setting off beeps	in my smoke detector	a daddy longlegs
erasing	the long winter?	hyacinths	
moment of rest	wind	and scarecrow
dusk	a yellow leaf passes	through the beaver dam	
another stair	the weight of my daughter's	college bags	
the sound of women	chuchotant -	moonless night	
July early morning	a jogger carries	two bottles of water	
morning commute	the silence	of end of the year stress	
yuppie house??	the bougainvillea climbs	according to plan	
river fog	the slow creaking	of an anchor line	
sparrow fledglings	the old man points	his walking stick	
cloudless sky	a great blue heron wades	through pond scum	
melting snow	from the cowshed	the tang of silage	
mud	spring scent	softener	on clothes drying inside	
september sunset??	crabs explore the skeleton	of a humpback whale	
the crowd	holding blossoms...	thunder!	
the evening star . . .	our flower-viewing faces	begin to change	
early morning sun	steam rises from stumps	piled in the clear-cut	
twin lambs	the ewe keeps watch	over the one not moving	
full moon	the static	in his touch	
fish swim under lake	yum yum delicious fish bake	now in my stomach
traded	for persimmons?	acupuncture	
meeting an old friend	both of us trying not	to wear our glasses
morning stillness	the cat watches	a butterfly	
wind and rain	the candle's smoky flicker	as we speak of ghosts	
tube ride	someone else's iPod	is playing our tune	
cloud shadows??	an eagle picks over	what the tide left	
last days of winter??	a jumble of tarnished silver	on the sideboard	
the river of heaven	my body	drifts away	
emerging from the pine cone	i just sprayed silver	the matching spider	
autumn deepens	memories fade into	misty clouds	
graduation day??	we hold hands more tightly	as our son's name is called	
late december evening	a fox tail tapers	to nothing
full moon chill	in the green tomatoes	a change of plans	
midsummer stream	a grackle dips its beak	in shimmer	
scent of rain	a whale-shaped cloud	hangs over the bay	
new year's eve	flash of a firework	through the wool curtain	
to write as simply	as you pick	a single blade of grass	
the last light of day	purple rhododendrons	dissolves in the dark	
muddy grave -	the rich scent of roses	so red	
Madison Square Park	live folk music	no one wears red suspenders	
night crossing??	salt spray rises	up through the anchor hole	
whistling to myself??	the changing rhythms	of marsh grass	
rustling leaves	scent of gardenia	on my cat's fur	
labor day	a spot of barbecue sauce	on the face of my watch	
winter hour -	my Kiwi peeling in the direction	of clockwise	
a cooing is Heard	from a small puff of feathers	Reviews another dawn	
chinese pork stall	the deep valley	in a chopping log	
roaring wind??	my little thoughts	for tomorrow	
thunder rolling	thinking of my daughter	at the campsite	
to measure	that the darkness descends	orange azalea	
December rain -	the long night	longer	
Talking with you	now this morning somehow	scent of plumeria	
fading light	with its own tiny rainbow	the lake's fountain	
monkey puzzle	trapped in the heart	of the garden maze	
his cluttered house	sorting through books	on chaos theory
her long skirt	trembles??	the tulip leaf too	
toothache -	Rooftop greenhouses	pigeons	
flesh gnaws at its chains.	tainted souls dance in rubble /	echoes murmur in the skin.	
low tide	exploring the rock pools	a green plastic fish
graveyard?	pictures of ancestors	washed by rain	
the longest day	slowly the cat	licks each paw	
summer morning	a butterfly floats through	the teashop door	
a killing frost??	everything i couldn?t write	about chrysanthemums	
i open my eyes	from dreams to daydreams:	whirligig beetle	
first Christmas	a tiny new stocking	joins the family	
freezing night:	in both blue eyes headlights	from the East	
needle exchange	sharing a breakfast drink	in Museum Square	
one extra push	on the oak tree swing	suppertime	
thanksgiving	the flower vendor	counts his roses	
red dust?	a little boy sprints the bases	between innings	
in dark river water, shapes of things from the human world	
setting gibbous moon a golden jellyfish drifts under our kayak	
dancing in my   silks   money tossed itself   away...   pretty, this paper dress!
morning fog	the subway is full	of steaming spirits	
Time change	the neighbor's gate	whines earlier	
basketball stops	in the exercise yard	convicts shoot the breeze
dry floodplain	a billabong holds	the last light
first snow	my children shed	20 years	
not willing to leave	this imperfect nest, this bird	has so much to learn.	
rhubarb leaves	how they soften	the pelting rain
what she said	driving home	the sound of blinkers	
deep?autumn	a?copperhead?crooked	on?the'sidewalk's?edge	
waiting for the moon	before departing	ducks on the roof	
those words	in her final letter	everywhere  craneflies
70 mph	the infant snores	a bit Slower	
farmers? market??	fruitflies pointing out	the ripe ones	
last light	listening for the silence	behind the rain	
lightning...	the scarecrow's coat sleave	caught in mid-wave
a little frown	on my wife's face	unpeeled chestnuts	
the river   gathering may rains   from cold streamlets   for the sea ...   murmuring mogami
the crows	louder than usual	deep morning mist	
building now rubble,	bruce banner	got angry!
Under the Magnolia	red seeds float away	November rain.	
like scattering tacks:	the forecast record rainfall	on the bus's roof	
luminescent lures	draw them close to its dark mouth	the nightclub swallows	
eucalyptus trees	sway in the hot wind??	a taste of grit	
carrying moonlight	into the house?	white peony	
kissing her slowly	where the rain	never falls	
distant thunder . . .	stargazer lilies	caught in the brush fire	
late august?	the way the spider's web	bows with each gust	
pumpkin weather	the big smiles	of the candidates	
crescent moon...	a horseshoe crab	returns to the sea
as she yells	stillness	of the ficus	
swinging bridge	raindrops hang	on the tips of ferns	
sunset . . .	the fishing boats closer	to each other	
hermitage	a small hole dug	deep in an acorn	
moonlit beach . . .	the white teeth	on a cowrie shell	
monday morning??	a flaw in the shadow	of the sugarbowl	
wood anemone	only the hare	and i	
ocean's roar??	all the beachgoers	on their backs	
new moon	changing the photo	inside her heart locket
cropped grass	r2 =	the tethered goat
hope	without knowing what for	autumn colors	
this twilight moment...	hope in the covering of	a persimmon sky
working late	the sound of a small brown moth	in the lampshade	
restless pigeons??	gentle words from a clerk	bring a hint of tears	
summer clouds	a kite's shadow	crosses the path	
hazy sky	the sound of the anchor	lowering	
first love	all but forgotten	the meadowlark's song	
moving day	a dove-call settles	in the chimney
sunlight in the snail trails my glittering career	
first snowfall...	here is a christmas card	to be mailed, last year	
red tulips in the vase on TV another cosy murder show	
snow moon	a white mantle	on the scarecrow's coat	
early autumn	the golden highlights	in her green hair	
not until the fog	did the garden sprout	silver webs
Pressed among pages	of old dictionary	a list of action verbs	
winter moon	a smudged fingerprint	on the inkstone	
neighbor shot my dog	claimed he killed all his chickens	today they came back
summer brook	perfect skipping stone	on the other side	
winter night	my wish	still among the stars	
another day	another apple crumble	... autumn deepens	
warm evening breeze	the cemetery gate	still open	
new self-knowledge	a sinkhole to the right	of the path	
voice of the peeper	glides	on the spring breeze	
spring twilight	buds of water lilies	still submerged	
night wind	one star in the bare crabapple	comes and goes	
looking at her	childhood photos	my girlfriend older than me	
revolution??	i slice the lemon	into itself	
a furniture store	where the church used to be	vernal equinox	
snowed in??	grandma's faded notes	for tatting	
beyond the fallen acorns	the ruin's gate	slightly open
stillness...	the surveyor's orange ribbon	divides the fog
death-song:   three loveliest things:   moonlight ... cherry-   bloom ... now i go   seeking silent snow
doe and yearling	fade into the woods	hepatica in bloom	
straw truck delivery	someone else's summer	strewn down our lane	
carpooling??	i discover my colleague's	passion for lilies	
new buds	on old branches	once again	
the hush	after starlings lift	autumn sun	
urban sprawl	a huddle of hard hats	and a dead tree	
farmer's market	the bee balm lady	drawing all the butterflies	
thanksgiving day	a squirrel pulls indian corn	from my neighbor's door	
angle of repose	a hermit thrush	fills the valley	
below zero?	her casket descends	into its hole	
72 years	she never saw her vagina	winter sun	
stubbled rice paddy	the white heron's harsh cry	has no echo	
war news	the underbelly of a moth	pressed to my window	
naked light bulb	the rain on the leaves	barely audible	
at the burial	grief pauses	for the mockingbird	
old fire pit	moss grows	where there were songs	
first father's day		without him	
late night	as city lights dim out	August full moon	
icy mortuary steps??	linen or muslin	for her shroud?	
Sunday afternoon	bittersweet chocolate	and swapped addresses	
lingering	in my sleeping bag	campfire smoke	
all day long	the rhythmic beat	of melting ice	
At last some sunshine	blue Pacifc this morning	boiling tea water	
hiroshima day	cigarette-pack cellophane	uncrumpling
slow day	the ant keeps returning	to stanza one
blueberries	we show each other	our tongues
foghorns?.?.?.	scoring?the?hours	of?my?insomnia	
remnants of daylight	the wind rattles	with old mustard	
outdoor artist	the color of the dog	beside him	
moonless	the rain-muffled cries	of returning geese	
becalmed;	a blue butterfly	clings to the sail	
spring afternoon	the schoolchildren return	to the dead squirrel	
not breathing	Japanese cranes	pausing in the snow	
s?ance?	a white moth flutters	above our clasped hands	
evening breeze??	hundreds of lamp flames	sway in the temple	
open suitcase	she reads the oncology report	backwards	
red maple	against the white wall	of the fire station	
december dawn	the white birch is the first	to catch its light	
Monday moon	the bent backs	of rice farmers	
a fossil fish	in a box of beach sand . . .	first day of school	
blue summer morning . . .	the egret returns	to the guppies? pond	
shiny red apples	the painter introduces	a caterpillar	
the auctioneer	pauses for breath?	pony's loud snort	
a puff of fog	floats over the falls	new year's dawn	
Summer Storm	the small cloth of my neighbor	well hung	
moonlit	the pure white life	of the lily	
into the blue	a white swan	rising	
gettysburg	traffic backed up	to the interstate	
scent of lemon	the glint of a sunbeam	on polished pews	
bushfire season	from dry leaves	the crackle of lizards
no rain	the sound of crunched	grass	
a barrow of windfalls?	emptying out	apple-scented rain	
wisteria -	before blooming	the end of rain	
dawn on dal lake	emerging from the mist	the flower boat	
rushing shallows	a blackcap warbles	his short song
orion overhead	our last kiss of the year	is the first of the next	
lake of stars	the taste	of polaris	
ghost town	a rooster crows	for no reason at all	
moving day	my shadow by the pond	one last time	
she checks short dress,	long hair in the window:	backhoe driver concentrates	
cold winter	person on the way	which leads to the pond	
virgin forest??	moonlight sinks into earth	with my pee	
nearly winter??	the stilt dancer bows	to a spruce	
christmas eve?	in the courtyard below	a flutter of wings	
red dawn	the fisherman's hands	gutting the mullet
new moon??	my friend coming out	of her dark phase	
offshore birds	a flock swerves and vanishes	in the glitter of waves	
newly-fallen snow	the warmth	in a hare's paw	
late afternoon	the first cow	heads to the barn	
home run	moths swarm	the floodlights	
almost winter	the spider	makes a repair	
heat lightning	the fly moves below	my ankle bone	
sunrays on the pond	mallards fly single file	toward the horizon	
tornado watch	cricket songs carried	from tall grass	
perseid shower??	tiny green apples	dot the lawn	
leftover meatloaf	we have an argument	about his ex-wife	
a bright autumn   moon...   in the shadow of   each grass   an insect chirping
a raindrop	riding a spider's thread	leaf tip to leaf tip	
coffee shop??	hearing his name	in someone else's conversation	
shifting mist	a rocky outcrop	of wallabies	
dust	distant thunder	moves on	
thin icicles	on the telephone wire	her distant voice
the last commuter	scraping windshield ice . . .	orion's belt	
saddle shop	the worn seat	of her jeans
empty tracks	a stranger and i	looking in the same direction	
twilight	I direct a stranger	to the wrong train	
mata hitotsu	kabe ni ana ari	ten takashi	
petals in the wind	my neighbors practice tai-chi	in the parking lot	
sabbath morning	the transfigured face	of the shaped-note singer	
tornado sky	the mockingbird keeps	right on singing	
sheen of apples??	in a migrant child's lap	her own dirty feet	
why are they afraid	of that little spider's web	broken easily
bottlebrush in bloom	there was a time in my life	when i wore red	
first of December -	the darkness	before dawn	
Thanksgiving night	an empty parking lot	at the nursing home	
loosening	the top button of her blouse	with my eyes	
the voice of the singer	looks black	in the smoky cafe	
in this windy   nest   open your hungry   mouth in vain...   issa, stepchild bird
undefended:	in the cold rain	their snow fort
soft white blue	Muslim colors	Iznik tiles	
moon	the light in the shade	of an unlit lamp	
foghorns . . .	the ginkgo's last leaves	fall with the snow	
the Thanksgiving meal -	after eating the talk	slows down	
the bite of radish	in the dinner salad??	year's end	
deepening snow	she leaves our atlas open	to her homeland	
walking the dogs	over the snowy fields??	orion	
in the nursing home	she talks about the brother	no one talks about	
after the hurricane	the skyline lights	burn bright	
ground fog	i am certain	of nothing
leaning back	in their chairs	old friends reunited
morning fog?	the scent	of eucalyptus	
dumpin's baw	heich the err	...day o an eclipse	
dustpan and broom	the paper hearts	square of the town hall	
moonrise...	screams from the roller coaster	no longer seem near
first snowfall . . .	a chirp to remind us	the battery's low	
autumn air	two crows on the roof move	closer together	
country store??	two old-timers whittle	over world affairs	
evening traffic . . .	rubber lizards for sale	still on the pavement	
seas are wild   tonight...   stretching over   sado island   silent clouds of stars
advent	the passing stranger	farts	
seuss's birthday	a dad and two lads plant	a plant in a planter	
my grandfather's sword...	the impenetrable Silence	of falling snow	
ants transport a moth	traffic noise penetrates	the bamboo grove	
first light...	after the car alarm	birdsong	
winter solstice	the waterfall frozen	in mid-air
ice storm	he traces my scars	in the dark	
indian paintbrush	the myriad colours	of a fire rainbow
seaside caf?	the wind ripples	my oyster soup	
cold stethoscope	I lie to the doctor	about my drinking	
alone at sunrise . . .	a small wave covers	my shadow	
gold leaves	swirl around the maple . . .	thanksgiving alone	
over old ground . . .	a dunnock's search	in winter shrubs	
August Friday happy hour	the bartenders have time	to listen	
another log on the fire	two kings	on the checker board	
returning geese	i add a leaf	to the table	
starry night?	frost patterns grow	from the window's edge	
first summer rain	the bride and groom pause	in their dance	
playing chess??	a crow lands	on a patch of snow	
Lights of the ferry	leave the island of cedars	in deep dark shadow	
inside the mirror	an onion peeling itself	over and over
pearl harbor day??	the clerk validates	my parking stub	
late snow ..	a pheasant calls	in the morning mist	
on the gray tarmac	in the rain back	yellow bus	
first day of spring	a puppy at the pet shop	wags itself	
the plane's landing lights	a wave of barking	sweeps the neighbourhood	
last moon of summer . . .	the bottom falls out	of the pitch	
flowers are dark red	they smell like the deep brown stuff	they taste like poopy
only the wind	off the ocean	Omaha Beach	
where the ripple was	the fisherman casts his line;	another ripple
under my hand	slow sweep	of a horse's mane	
fishing before dawn	morning star caught on the line	escapes with the tide
an ant	carries more than its weight??	morning prayer	
sparrows sift through	the shopping carts	autumn dusk	
rain at last!	i ask the piano salesman	to riff a little bach	
nothing more tiring	than Being tired of sleeping alone	warm coffee	
fireworks?	the whiteness	of her throat	
on my smartphone	mount fuji in the sunset	morning coffee	
watching	my wife's ashes float by...	autumn moon	
lost tour bus	between fences	in landscape road	
fine china	a dusting of pollen	over my tea	
tenement clotheslines	sinking lower . . .	winter clouds	
small concert cars	the morning	to get going	
park path	just my thoughts leave	the straight and narrow	
spring shower	a peacock sips pinkness	from the bromliad
the doctor says		all hallow's eve	
salt pans	the railway line	disappears into sky	
another new year	the reek of gunpowder wafts	on the cold night air	
tourists in Provence	finding in lavender	WC of smell	
day moon	hoof prints litter	the beach track	
drive-in movie	the car surrounded	by fireflies
big sky	a pronghorn	hops a fence	
tarn	in a bubble	the ice	
graveside service	slipping from Grandma's book	pressed wildflowers	
river mud	the shape	of boys
the breeze	off the mississippi	fills my skirt
sugar moon rising	our?first?grandchild?expecting	a child of her own	
I turn off my cell	crescent moon	over the skyline	
winter twilight	the shadowed hill	beyond the hill	
overcast morning	not enough sugar	in the rice pudding	
after the funeral	whiskers still	in his razor
deodorant scent	tonight, love,	i am a spring wind	
winter stars	prayer candles burn	in an empty church	
autumn	deepens??	the corn maze open	to the cows	
clearing sky	the gum tree bursts into	rainbow lorikeets
fat autumn	at least the tea	remains green	
approaching the family plot...	my furled umbrella	turns into a cane.
winter wind??	a cradlesong sung	in an ancient tongue	
tasting the well	in the water	summer stars
morning haze	at the foot of the hill	forsythia	
stepping stones	the river changes	its tune	
approaching rain	the smell of sauerkraut	lingers on the stairs	
humid morning...	words dangle	from her lips	
mountain-rose   petals   falling, falling,   falling now ...   waterfall music
billowing skirts	by a soldier's grave	autumn deepens	
in the pleat	of a morning glory	a firefly's light	
silence	leaves are falling	all by themselves
delicate nest??	if only paper wasps	were fireflies	
child chasing	nothings with butterfly net	catching them
bank thermometers	the temperature changes	all the way home	
sleep disorder	the gas station lights	keep me company	
an old pond!	a frog jumps in-	the sound of water.
Falling leaves	I already miss you	This winter	
last day of school	lessons clapped	from the erasers	
white morning	far there hospitals	bombarded	
your cologne	lingers on my skin . . .	day moon	
coats dripping rain??	we discuss	our addictions	
my sister's side	of our childhood	moonlit night	
reaching	for a new found warmth	sweet rhubarb cake	
in the bird's nest	my lost bracelet	
morning shallows	the wading birds	all conjoint	
autumn mist	bull elk's mating call	splits the silence	
skeletons of the aspen,	snowflakes dance	the winter away.	
mountain slopes	getting wet as i walk	through clouds	
after the rain	moon and stars	underfoot	
sawdust	father pauses to finish	the story
blue eyes	she drinks water source -	eve of summer	
powlonia blossoms -	a haiku floating	in the sky	
new year's eve	leftovers warming	in the pot	
summer's end	the familiar scent	of the old salt cedar	
finished compost	the vegetable garden feasts	on chocolate cake	
leap year -	the old man's cane	left tracks	
cold morning sun -	thin frost	on a sparrows wing
courting cats	a pane of glass	between them	
another morning	of mares tails	the wisp of a sigh	
writing letters . . .	the cry of a night bird	near my house	
scenic drive	i'm interrrupted	by her snores
slate skys	chalk mark outlines	on the sidewalk	
morning	smell coffee from house	of difficult neighbor	
fresh snow on the roofs	the old graffiti looks	dirtier	
warm drizzle	cinnamon buns	and tea for two	
middle of the night	on a wicked wind	passing news	
autumn chill	a faint rainbow	in the shower	
after the rain	smell	of childhood	
climate change -	the flowers of magnolia	embedded in the green	
black lace and moonlight	her underthings draped	over the chair	
waving goodnight	after the party	the chill	
tornado	in the wreckage	a bird sings	
gray night	- On the glass shade	a straw star	
lace curtains	the spin of sunlight	from a bicycle	
bitter cold	we don't chase the lone crow	from the sparrow's food	
spring fever	shoots among the lilies	she can't name	
from reed to reed	a blackbird follows	its song
thunderstorm?	sunflowers	in a blue vase	
Over the house	The same cloud that year	Almost	
draughty sill	the dead moth	back on its feet	
long beards longer	black clothes darker	under july sun
sunny sunday??	carpenter bees working	the new shed	
venus rising	a coyote trap	snaps shut	
bulldozer	a yellow caterpillar	in its tracks
from room to room	the mouse moves	without worrying about us	
the smell of varnish	lingers in the hall	like winter	
in the shoebox	photos	from a different life
first drops	a frog syncopates	with the cicadas	
good friday . . .	walking to confession	in worn shoes	
cloudy skies -	different shades of shadow	in the cauliflower	
whiskey moon—	a morning after	at the bottle’s end	
new love	still some green	in these autumn leaves	
long afternoon?	the occasional tapping	of a screen door	
eddying leaves	the old woman's wrinkled face	and saree	
sunny day	butter melting	on sweet corn cobs	
sun-soaked?chrysalis	the?effort	no?one'sees	
ship's log	the marginalia	tinged with salt	
autumn woods??	the bird's twitter	chainsawed	
church bells?	a dragonfly	flying low	
clear lake enclosed	Entirely Within	a bowl of miso	
all hallow's eve	moss-draped hemlocks	fade into night	
bird calls . . .	the grass blade buzzes	on my tongue	
autumn lake -	half-hidden by drifting leaves	a carp's bronzen flanks	
wind in the tall grass . . .	an old blue car	almost in motion	
dentist chair	Construction noise	outside	
sap	flowing maple flank	frost cracks	
post-op	the holy medal's features	imprinted in my palm	
tiki bar	a part of me feels	right at home	
alone??	hugging	warm laundry	
the potter's hands	gently shape the vase	out of himself
skunk cabbage	i?ve decided	to say nothing	
autumn rut?	the bull elk's bugling echoes	and re-echoes	
tandem bicycle	wind in our hair	a shared laugh	
book of haiku -	a gnat landed	between blue and sky	
first love	the secret her face	tells everyone	
twilight beach??	a full moon rises from	the darkening sea	
the forecast rain...	a queue-jumper gets berated	by everyone	
desert twilight	a packrat peers into	my empty boot	
muggy sunrise	the brown spider crawling	up the web	
seek on high   bare trails   sky-reflecting   violets...   mountain-top jewels
see the morning   breeze   ruffling his so   silky hair...   cool caterpillar
deep autumn?	the last jigsaw piece	snaps into place	
beach walk	i shift a coconut	from hand to hand	
summer storm	galahs swivel on wires	to wash their wings
perseids...	oh, the weight	of all those wishes
covered bridge	the sound of the river	between planks	
parrot or fruit bat?	examining the shape	of the apple core	
after the rain	a light on in the basement	of an empty house	
first buds of spring	i change the washers setting	to delicate
All Saints Day -	in the field only small	pumpkins are left	
play table sitters,	like an old mans erection,	sad and yet funny
apricot blossoms	the birth of our first	granddaughter	
winterscape -	a traffic sign in the snow	points to no way	
coming out of the woods	the sound of crickets,	the empty sky
emptying the mousetrap	the tiny drop	of blood	
a picture of tulips	on an empty sack	almost spring	
vs of geese??	i look where everyone else	is looking	
first firefly -	the moon also shows	his face	
iris garden	the sisters pose	in purple dresses	
night breeze?	the lake held still	by waterlilies	
high tide	yesterday's footprints	gone	
the damp pavement	around each puddle . . .	summer dusk	
wintering	their different ways	birch and pine	
crickets	extinguishing	day
graveside	the seeing-eye dog	looks upwind	
alone	in the tea house	rainy night	
unafraid	of what comes next. . .	cicada shells	
trash can -	flies	and shadows of flies	
autumn sunset	in the brown field	a red tractor	
screen of pine	white silent glides	we egret wings	
green-black sheen	of a rooster's tail feathers	my neighbor's new car	
dry grass	a donkey colt	learning to wallow	
Indian summer	the baby in the back seat	mine for a week	
through the mall i run,	firing off my machine gun,	people think im nuts!
adirondack chair . . .	falling madrona blossoms	tick on the deck	
persimmons	the last kid drops	from the monkey bars	
beside the graveyard	train parked	on the tracks	
january	the wind ruffles	walking crows	
between	the Prime Minister's words	birdsong	
beside my car	the morning sun??????????rolling	along the wall of corn	
dusting the books	I'll read when I have time	winter solstice	
in the gutter	a crumpled scratch card	ragweed in bloom
quiet twilight	grandpa prunes thin limbs	with his pocketknife	
yet night-	alone in the kitchen	it breaks nuts	
the chorus	before the cranes . . .	spring sky	
budget cuts	a crescent moon	on the horizon	
sun's out	a drop on the lily pad	changes to green
fountain . . .	children watching	its ups and downs	
sunlit steps	a church elder prods	the sleeping dog
Morning fog -	only the scent of	eucalyptus	
at the window	the drumming of rain...	I catch up on sleep	
rain-soaked fell	out of the snow come the fleece	and bones
autumn afternoon	wind blown leaves	caught by the brush pile	
circus dwarf -	so high above his hand	the red balloon	
indian summer-	rouging her cheeks	as she waits for a drink	
the backyard	of a poor man's home...	summer heat	
icesnow??	the stab marks	of her pronged cane	
sudden hail	we sip bitter coffee	rehashing last night	
villa	insects and animals	admitted	
turbulent stream	the water moves	the ripples stay	
one cricket sound and silence lighting the autumn garden
adrift	between ice floes . . .	april sun	
insect	crushed between the pages	drawing the wings	
time flows freely, like	water in a river, no	dam can hold it back	
fresh brewed coffee	cream and sugar swirls	she stirs in her thoughts	
Chat of joggers...	the heron and I	motionless	
first snow	the cough from a stubbled face	in the soup line	
leaf color of an old song turning
winter rain -	the man's face	of snow	
leaf in my palm	its stem extends	my lifeline
new moon	more brilliant than the colour	of my lamp lit hair	
spouting philosophy??	a giant salamander	has been watching us	
desert wind-	iron and copper flavor	in my coffee	
in the trench	the World War	It grows tall grass	
all the mardi gras colors	in the masks	in the houses
November	her nipple ring cools	
one day it's too cool	the next day it's far too hot	miss california
sun brightens the room	christmas cards fastened	to a navajo rug	
moonrise	the columbine still	swinging
stifling heat??	vultures teeter beneath	monsoon clouds	
alone again?	counting an odd number	in the skein of geese	
evening shadows	on the walls of the Alamo	graffiti	
washed windows	a place to splatter	the spring rain	
autumn sky?	swaying wheat field	shaping the wind	
lorikeet lands	on camellia branch	petal shower
rumble of thunder	rouses dawn	late summer in Miami	
crossroads	as Christ on the Cross	purple nettles	
autumn breakfast	the last mosquito's hover	over my campfire	
milky way	the crunch of glass	along the bike path	
sunlit hoarfrost	the man who survived a stroke	tries to smile	
it selects the m	to build its nest	walmart	
blinding rain . . .	i find an old love's name	in the obituaries	
all saints day	from the corner of my eye	someone no one	
Bouquet of flowers	Filed against a tree	In the rain	
sundown	wild geese gather	on the silver lake
cold sky	after my friend's cremation	I water the garden	
shortest day??	all of the yellow	beaten out of eggs	
evening breeze	the spider cuts a petal	from its web	
evoking clusters	of algebraic symbols	smell of tangerine
afternoon moon	puddles on the ice	about to freeze	
black-uniformed winter fly	greeting me	behind bullet-proof glass
daylight savings??	the glimmer of a penny	in the sand	
dwindling light	in a small child's hand	the first fallen leaf	
night rain	if alternate colors	above the asphalt	
early autumn	the little girl next door	turns forty today	
beggar's steps	at the bakery	slower and slower	
night silence -	despite the dogs, despite	a crying baby	
the flute's first notes . . .	three lavender petals fall	from the arrangement	
chilly sunrise	a strip of bark flutters	on the lake-side birch
both parents	in his room	snowy evening	
winter moon . . .	fading echoes	of the coyote's howl	
the flat ends	of a new pencil	first day of school
clink of condiments	in the refrigerator door?	sleeting rain	
late November farm	a turkey looks	well fed	
wedding day	the time he takes	to knot the tie
dew drop	on a dusty grass blade . . .	the ant backs up	
field of daisies	the white spots	on the fawn's rump	
ghost town?	i walk through	all the open doors	
dry brook	a choice	of stepping stones	
Madison Square Park	why are bankers	looking down	
dissatisfaction:	the yawning stretch of worktime,	in afternoon space.
moving day	the children stick postage stamps	on the bare kitchen floor	
3rd day of guests??	the soup pot	blows its lid	
Indian reservation	too few home owners	for a subprime crisis	
the last crop planted??	changing the tire	on the tree swing	
days the hours make	in seconds to our prompting,	haphazard moment.
the bell rings	again the playground fills	with pigeons	
playground swings??	a strong wind replaces	the children	
loon call	a kayak emerges	from the fog	
summer salad	a nasturtium burns	the tip of my tongue	
almost summer...	eating an especially	ripe mango	
incense for remembrance	water trickles down	the mountain side	
talk of peace . . .	a fly in the sugar bowl	missing one leg	
a line of coal cars	viewed from the railroad bridge	returning chill	
funeral -	stuck in an antique vase	bubble	
desert mist	one sidewinder takes its place	alongside another	
Gusts of wind	dancing together under	a harvest moon	
animal skull	the child fingers	her eye	
whistling back to them	i can?t find the right key. . .	tree frogs	
sunny wall	the marks of time	on my skin	
no one's footsteps	left to follow?	late winter rain	
harvest moon	i find you dancing	with the scarecrows	
Egyptian lions	in autumn light	watching the sun	
ageing skin	the warmth and softness	of a baked apple	
autumn breeze	a pine cone waddles	toward the shore	
fresh tea	the warmth of his lips	on mine	
the dog takes a sniff??	snow that didn?t go	with the first warm day	
piano practice	her hand reaches	into the morning sun	
winter evening	the last crow flies past	?then another	
"come, spring!	come, old man!"	the pigeon coos
distant thunder	each stroke of the oar	stirs the clouds
shimmering heat...	two rams spark horns	at the water trough	
herons beak key	his image	on the water surface	
his passing . . .	the small fir collects	fallen leaves	
remnants of rain	between the flagstones??	morning prayer	
midnight thirst	drinking from cupped hands	- a moth's closed wings	
there they are	in the bonsai exhibit	pot of weeds	
snowed in??	doing the jigsaw puzzle	upside down	
spring rain	a bruise on my arm	from donating blood	
her fairy tale	in first person	spring rain	
taking a bite	from a bitter orange	january thaw	
granite wall	a cold touch so hard	to resist	
around the table	three generations	and the dog	
sweetfish fall downstream	how easily i slip	into yesterday	
first light?	pulling nightcrawlers	from the mud	
springtime	dust comes	to light
her Alzheimer's	a dragonfly	goes... comes	
Fifth Avenue station	the sound of hoofs	on the pavement	
feelings of joy	float in and out	red seaweed	
she asks me	if i love her??	evening star	
hobos are stupid	they often live in box cars	nobody likes them.
yet again	by the river	a pair of knickers	
the time it takes	for snowflakes to whiten	the distant pines	
nascent spring	this warm loaf	of ten-grain bread	
in the skylight	tangled legs	and snow	
ducks distraught	on the ponds of Brenne.	Vote hunters.	
november   sunrise...   uncertain, the cold   storks stand ...   bare sticks in water
november darkness	only the tick	of the engine cooling
new to the islands	she sniffs	the hibiscus	
the bobcat	the doe	only my eyes move	
outdoor caf??	a song sparrow	cleaning tables	
Sunday endless -	a snowman	in the school yard	
scotch mints??	the squeak of my walking stick	in packed snow	
wolves gnawing	at my dream . . .	singing bowls	
wave after wave	the godwits leave	for siberia	
sandstorm	a gecko	licks its eye	
walking to work		pages lap at your feet	the quick eye holds up the news to the day
wrong date	the thickening skin	on her latte
the long day	a maple key's twirl	wherever
cold night	the clink of bottles	in a grocery cart	
darknesses within	the outlines of shadows?	midnight deer	
a sales call	my only conversation	autumn loneliness	
winter storm	a draught rocks the ship	in a bottle	
crescent moon	the beaver shreds	a lotus leaf	
contact lenses	the pines on that hill clear	for the first time	
the outstretched fingers	of a toddler	first winter rain	
cicada din	a cell phone rings	in the willows	
aspens	in a circle	twilight	
pedal boat	i overtake	a duck	
crow browsing grass	steps on camellia blossom-	fractured silence	
Xmas away from home -	B-52 pilot	dressed as Santa	
after soup	the warmth	of the bowl	
the teacup	as empty as	my evening	
summer night	my cat speaks to it	through a screen	
almost spring	scent of a woman's hair	in the elevator	
exchange	of wedding vows?	the incoming tide	
rain beads	the scent of her	absence	
goodwill store??	trying on the swimsuit	that i gave away	
dead mynah bird . . .	with each passing car	its wing flaps
cherry trees	fifty shades	of pink	
orange sky	the cattle dog drinks	from my hands	
wild geese in flight	suddenly the sky	so wide
hakahaka boom boom bam!!	hefhoohaa jaja pop	illy illy hoohaa shabam
eleven brave   knights   canter through the   whirling snow...   not one bends his neck
something is coming. . . .	its going crack, boom, bang. . . . .	omg its a s t o r m
my umbrella	flipped in the wind–	uncertain days	
new driver	my bus arrives	on time	
Summer moonless night	in the light of fireflies	we kiss	
outside	using our inside voices	monarch sanctuary	
with thin threads	a spider knitted a fly in	a white cradle
wee hours the leaves on the roof	shift again	
while i napped	the amaryllis opened wide?	winter sunshine	
Christmas morning	grandpa explains that yo-yos	don't need batteries	
the cockatoo sidles	towards me    small	in its dark eye
snow clouds	each of us seeing	someone else
smalltown street	sunset and moonrise	at opposite ends	
sunday bells . . .	the first ripe mulberry	sweetens the shade	
mistaking telephone	for doorbell	i let loneliness in
quiet strokes	of night swimmer: the slap	of beaver tails . . .
vedic chants . . .	a heron glides to a rock	in the misty lake	
the close of day??	only a peg and a finch	left on the line	
a lone inmate	on the prison grounds	summer rain	
polished granite	Reflects my face off	my father's grave	
harvest days	a fat toad	leaves the garden	
spring morning	doing something new	with pink scarves	
december traffic	white puffs	from the police whistle	
dusk -	a group of starlings	on the wire	
log fire	the steady click	of knitting needles	
blurry stars	the jasmine bloom	fills the air	
from one year	to another -	the same moon	
gamer's eyes light up	but, alas, he soon finds out	there's another stage
chocolate	liqueur filling	warm shiver	
outside, something brews	the wind is strong, the air's cold	nature is acting.
crashing waves	our footprints meet	in the sand	
midday hush	the rasp of a mallard	calling his mate	
harvest time	watermelons tossed	man to man	
crisp air	the sound of an ax	across the lake	
rush hour	the blonde in the porsche peels	an orange
winter seclusion	tending all day	the small fire
gale-force wind	a bird's nest becomes	what it was
her skin flickers in television light rain on the window	
sultry afternoon??	wingtip laces	work loose	
croissant crumbs	I try and find	the right words	
long-stay ward	a forged signature	on the mother's day card	
a gust of wind	finally knocks the scarecrow out	cold	
tonight a great football game	breasts that pregnant woman	
Hypermarket	Leek smell	The radius perfume	
This morning the geese	have taken over the skies	in wild abandon	how sudden this stillness then	and now how I have missed you	
red lights running down	the street and past the pine tree	where has the moon gone?
late for work??	the flutter of leaves	under my wiper	
winter solstice	reading glasses	to see myself	
undercurrents?	the snapping turtle	surfaces	
prairie roads	in ditches full of snowmelt	moons float	
a kitten...	will it too forget	its first snow?	
dandelion seeds	ai r  b  o   r   n	in a cool breeze	
new moon -	time to lose	the beard	
budding maples??	an updraft	of goldfinches	
tree?ornaments	the?angel?from?my?childhood	missing?a?wing	
afternoon stillness?	my neighbor's chimes	announce the breeze	
foam flowers	the pull of sand under	my inner child	
on an evening trail	of red dragonflies swarming	in a pool, stars	
lingering grief-	calls of southbound geese	through misty rain	
fog moving in	another phone call	unreturned	
flies wait it out	under a cow's chin	spring shower
book chosen	another title tips	into the empty space	
rumble of the train	taking me farther	from frog songs	
driftwood	the knothole catches	a drop of rain	
hurting me more	the departure	of my son's lover	
leaves falling . . .	some on the boulder,	some in the stream	
parking lot at dawn?	gulls roosting among	upturned shopping carts	
new year's morning	the bedroom radiator	begins to bang
from an old temple	to an old temple	autumn wind	
specimen skull	holes	for the rabbit's ears	
a modest headstone	the?teacher?who?marked?me	present	
potting shed	the scattered leaks	of sunlight	
longest day . . .	children fishing	for ant lions	
starry Night	the Great Bear hangs	neighbor of the antenna	
watermelon rind,	sitting in its own juice	the summer sun
gust of wind	a woman’s face lights up	by the cooking fire	
humming oldies	talk of the future	from the back seat	
handblown glass??	cirrus clouds curve	around the moon	
still arguing	we swim the same river	further upstream
first brushstrokes	texture the white gesso?	daybreak	
hobos are stupid	the often life on the streets	they dont own nutting
drenched	in the old grounds	we cuddly	
brush in hand	Carefully he...	8:16, local time, Hiroshima	
mist into rain	the drone of a small plane	blends with our chanting	
Honey and coffee	bodied smell permeating	the crumpled sheets	
summer afternoon	the priest takes a blue pencil	from the blind man
christmas hymns	the lady beside him	robustly tone deaf
easter stars	a rising chorus	of treefrogs	
every place taken	on the finch feeder	september rain	
thin clouds	streak the sun . . .	rumors of lay-offs	
mallards drift	into the pickerelweed	lazy afternoon	
chinese new year??	daring to call my sister	a monkey	
a week of rain . . .	into the stranger's yawn	a train whistle	
rainbow	his sketch stippled	with droplets	
galloping a horse	right up a hill right into	the billowing clouds
converting to condos	the nightclub	where we met	
orange sun	an eagle's talon	drips river	
summer's end	the wisteria	doubles back	
march wind??	all the ducks at one end	of the pond	
almost dawn	an empty whiskey bottle	near the phone	
ulysses butterfly??	the satisfaction	of knowing its name	
picking autumn leaves	off the grass, her grave	nothing but fine rain	
the puddle	deeper than i thought	empty mailbox	
autumn air . . .	the diminishing trail	of voices	
airless night	dust from the window frame	on my fingers	
a crow	on the top-most branch	winter solstice	
cold sun	the roller-shutter dawn	of factory workers	
beer garden table	the blurred edges	of many circles	
fiery sky	swifts spiral	into a chimney	
replying to his letter	the paper cold	against my hand	
candlelight??	the room shrinks and grows	with every breath	
a firefly	on my open palm . . .	its moonshadow	
the longest drought?	a coyote nuzzles	the jimson weeds	
catching the rainbow	on a floating thread ...	a new-born spider	
a hurricane	the flies think	my kitchen is a storm shelter	
gravestone	underneath the weeds	we will not forget	
folding chair	the newborn colt tries	to stand	
winter ball...	instead of her hand	i kiss her mitten	
woodburning stove??	toiled boots	prop each other up	
hanging	over the backyard fence	twilight and wisteria	
the room's smallness	fills with light	this morning of snow
advanced Parkinsonism	she wipes his dribbling saliva	remembers his kisses	
calla lily	the soundof a ladder	lengthening
city fireflies . . .	i don?t know which window	is yours	
first frost warning -	she no longer	pours his coffee	
january thaw?	we are speaking	again	
patterns on the lake	the moment before	they become trees	
folding beach mats	the whiff of fresh grilled corn	this chilly morning	
sculpture garden	the way the blackbird sings	from the metal tree	
new March snow	the grouse with a missing toe	still around	
dusk . . .	i?m just another glow	amid traffic	
winter drags on...	i squeeze the last drops	from a teabag
old growth mountain	two red dragonflies couple	and uncouple	
barn for sale??	between the rafters	a wedge of moon	
He arrives in the evening	the flight of a seagull	cuts through the silence	
windy night	a smoker finds shelter	behind a garbage truck	
organic flour 65 -	a male moth	seeking a female	
sunny morning??	the rooster challenges	the bull again	
Mass Pike trafic	the bright red glare	of her lipstick	
chanting over . . .	the rustle of peepal leaves	in the temple	
day moon	the hollow sound	of the water tank	
evening light	following the anchor line	into the sea	
the scent of turned earth	across seeded fields	twilight	
existential	universal explored	quantified boredom
autumn rain??	only an earthenware	teapot will do	
warm night??	a soda machine rejects	my coin	
visiting the   graves ...   trotting on to show   the way ...   old family dog
in our face	the dog shakes off	the ocean	
each pass	the bat	a new star	
bonfire smoke	we talk about	our disappointments	
evensong??	from the flooded field	a fullthroated frog	
the wind of autumn	a homeless man warms himself	hand to mouth
church memorial	celebrating her long life	creak of grasshopper
field of gravestones	not one tree to block	the sweeping wind	
huckleberries--	capturing the night	in the jam jar
evanescent dream	disintegrating castle	no longer supreme
sunlit garden	the scent	of my straw hat	
morning escapes	through newly empty air	acorns	
solitary walk -	at nightfall the flash	of distant fireworks	
December night	a nail to fix	the star	
evening walk	smell of tar between	pines	
midsummer stars	the cry of a loon shatters	the darkness	
summer haze-	a lone grey wolf pads south	along the highway	
new plans for the day??	water running away	from the rain	
pale green waves	jostle ashore in twilight . . .	the throb of bullfrogs	
heavy fog . . .	among river rocks	a single poppy	
wipers wiping	slush from the windshield?	radio love song	
sunlight	in the tidepool	?each grain of sand	
sugar for the tea	behind the bowl	a line of ants	
first warm day	the melancholy face	of the tv dials	
paddling slowly	through the reeds	that touch her hair
drawn in by the smell	of fast food and vinegar	this october sun	
steamy sex	in the church parking lot -	amazing Grace	
moonlit shadows	his hands find	my dark places	
pulsing light the crunch of leaves	as the ambulance pulls away	
February wind -	the word 'crocus'	on the Scrabble board	
brown belt: his skin	between top and pants	- Online fourteen	
karen waits for me,	sitting in her plainview home.	three months til i'm there.
suet on a string	suspended from a snowy branch	three sparrows make it spin
descending notes	of a canyon wren?	sunset	
mark?loves?mary?forever??	erased by high tide	forever	
watch repair	all the clocks still set	to standard time	
midday shimmer	the elderly umpire	closes one eye	
cloud dragon	eating its own tail??	epiphany day	
i?d almost forgotten it	a seed's hunger	for the sun	
white handkerchief??	my mother shoos	a cabbage moth	
a slow stroll	through the general store	lingering day	
all saints' day	surviving pumpkins	covered in frost	
on her cheek	an eyelash darker	than her own	
thunderstorm	gods throw out	their old furniture	
day drizzle	scrubbing the rainbow	inside the pot	
mile after mile	of barbed wire . . .	wind in the sage	
faint city stars 	the moths copper dust	in my palm
black ice	a snow swirl from the lake's edge	in slow motion	
watching the waves . . .	a stray dog settles	beside me	
autumn dusk	a strip of yellow crime scene tape	flutters in the wind	
suddent	the pish-the-bed batch...	thair stobbie herrcuts	
lilac dusk?	i?bring?home?the?flower?girl's	smile	
christmas album	every year he wears	the same flannel shirt	
last station	the king of hearts on the floor	of the compartment	
under her coat	my shirt	first snowflakes	
ink long faded	from the wooden grave marker	fog rolling in	
cocktail chatter	fruit flies sally	glass to glass	
estuary mud	bleached in moonlight	boat bones
year end	a trail of footprints crosses	the old pond
muted sunlight	the crisp corners	of the folded flag	
nearly spring	a new facade	for the bridal shop	
night rain -	Chopin's nocturne	drowns it out	
the old, dying tree	doesn't care what the leaves think...	they will come again
her due date	the apple at the tip	tilts the limb	
a boy pitching pennies	into the water basin?	lowering clouds	
barefoot	in the dandelions warm rain	
piano practice	leaves swirl	allegro con brio	
a lovers? moon??	she tosses her bra	out of the hayloft	
white spots	on a brown butterfly's wing	the baby's toes wave
roadside stand	the cold skin	of the last pear	
false dawn	sometimes i still	think of home	
birch shadows	lace the snow-covered courtyard	a burst of wrensong	
first camellia	along a stony path	in the morning fog	
ray of moonlight??	our bare feet disturb	the cedar floorboards	
spring morning	finding an old flame	on Facebook	
graveside kaddish	the weight of the stone	in my hand	
at the corner of Avenue	every morning at 9: 30 pm	he closes his tent	
knackin throuch	mairchs' tirlies -	hungert's banes	
a cold morning	goose honks echo	off the pavement	
stillness...	the sound of dusk	washing ashore	
tooth marks	in the sharp cheddar . . .	the long night	
noon heat??	moving grass	swings the sky	
November night	the smell of burning leaves	and marshmallows	
silence	on telegraph hill??	a shooting star	
chipmunk	in the hawk's talons?	an acorn falls	
trick or treat	I promise the vampire	the dog won't bite	
trembling	the hair ribbon falls	with inhibitions	
egret?	for its landing on the river	a giant lily pad	
longest?night	balancing?his?words	in?a?brush'stroke	
buttercups dot	the downland pasture??	capering rabbits	
exchanging haiku stories	we forget we live	on different continents	
the piano hammers	barely moving...	night snow
walking off anger . . .	johnny-jump-ups	exactly mid-path	
fall night heavens . . .	the sound of our bath	draining	
in soap bubbles	again and again	his face is broken
heavy rain	bending one into another	purple hollyhocks	
spruce woods	fireweed filling	the vacancy	
first warm day??	the woodpecker works	a shiny stump	
kumquats with Russian tea	then slowly	I undress Ellen	
Good Friday -	my window vacuum	the felled tree	
Awoken at 4 am	The honking of Canada geese	Spring is here	
ching chang cho	boom bam bo	loop lap lah.
funeral bouquet?	her monochrome photo	amid pink and purple	
morning tai chi	my form wavers	with the barking dogs	
those evenings	when?ripeness?is?just?reaching	the pits of plums	
watching a sunset	in black and white	the color-blind man	
left padlocked	under streetlight	orion's bike	
a harsh winter wind	comes through my heart strings blowing	into emptiness
moon on the wane	the sound of wings	at dusk	
figure drawing class	in the model's deepest shadows	a stark white string
autumn damp?	old leaves composting	in the back lot	
meteor shower . . .	i dust off the grit	of shingles	
currents taking us beyond	all the time	we care to measure
heat wave	a fly moves slowly	away from my swat	
the puddled field	blades of grass	pierce a cloud	
independence day	i struggle to free myself	from a wet swim suit
appalachian spring??	a pair of catfish	weaving upstream	
father's day	picking up	the same broken shells	
the glitz	an ant carries??	morning sunshine	
its whole body	cawing?	the crow	
geronimo's grave	someone has left	plastic flowers
in the middle of the night	the hum of the ventilation	between two sirens blaring	
thin clouds	the ladle steams	above my bowl	
desert dream	the sound of foghorns	on the Solent	
the busker	buttons his collar	
gone from the wood	the bird i knew	by song alone
blowing bubbles	my breath floats away	in different sizes	
end of daylight savings	the orange pills	cut in half	
grocery shopping	his python tattoo	squeezes the charmin
gridlock??	the blind girl whispers	to her dog	
taking off the chill . . .	flickers of color	from the funnies	
foggy morning?	a chrysalis clings	to the eaves	
spring greening	a teat for each piglet	but one	
christmas drizzle	my children come home	on different days	
summer's end-	one haiku becomes	another	
summer morning	every other post	has its crow
commuter daydream	I follow the slit in her skirt	into oncoming trafic	
gray buds	glycine - today	it would have sixteen	
sean is cool-sort of	he has lots more friends than bron	she is friendless-ha
humming fridge?	the quiet thoughts	of a robot	
cold snap	hotdog vendor dancing	to warm his feet	
morning rain	an egg for my father	spreads in the skillet
town dump	a bear just sits there	in the falling snow	
shape of the afternoon	a dog shakes	its checkered coat	
spring grass	i tell the calf	i?m a vegetarian	
fog in the redwoods	the jazz station cuts out	near the summit	
under attic dust	another unopened envelope	
street of cafes:	cherry blossom gusts	across the tables	
more rain	a mouse trapped	between walls	
morning after	all my empties	full of sun
sky of no clouds	sand from the shaman's hand	conjures a rainbow	
baby's giggle	the way a laugh changes	two faces	
persimmon still hanging the extra day of the year
dappled sunlight??	waiting to hear	you?re safely home	
a misty halo	around the streetlight	smoking hoodies	
spring drizzle	rounding the thorn	a drop of light
late afternoon	liquidamber leaves	in the hamper	
evening fog	we walk home by the light	of burning leaves	
the second opinion	no worse than the first	groundhog day	
now from   cherry-trees ...   millions of maidens   flying   fierce war-lord storm
lawyer's office -	she adds three kisses	to the divorce settlement	
quiet night	the watchman bends	to touch a rose
nude beach	his enormous	sand castle
old cottonfields	a long time	between snows	
one fallen   flower   returning to the   branch? ... oh no!   a white butterfly
a long list of regrets the maple in autumn
moonrise	an owl swoops up	something	
parting ways	the cherry branch	weighed down with blossom	
winter?rain?the'smoothness?of?a?kidney?bean	
all'saints?.?.?.	hands	in?my?pockets	
falling leaves?	the same old man returning	to the same old park bench	
losing the dispute	she listens	to grasshoppers
wind is strong tonight	large wildfires could start tonight	turn up the tv
summer pond	no more room	for the blue sky	
late night at the airport	the shoe shine man	polishes his own shoes	
village debris	photos of the dead	float face up
sculpting	clay, the potter	at dawn	
no oil to read   by ...   i am off to bed   but ah!...   my moonlit pillow
the barnacled flukes	of migrating whales . . .	mountains lost in haze	
my father and i	paint the barn	compare wars
first date	dogwood petals	before the leaves	
bare winter prairie...	a little smoke rises	from an empty field	
insomnia	the break-up	moth by moth	
the wind is ice cold	the ice is everywhere	i'm stuck in winter
a sheep dying	in dirty straw	its blond eyelashes	
first day of school	summer's change	in a canning jar	
wild seeds	the garden	arranges itself	
scent of roses	counting the stars	one by one	
autumn dusk	purple daisies	wrapping up	
left in the closet	an umbrella, forgotten	rain cloud emptying	
cold moon??	marrow bones simmer	in the pot	
the heat wave	thunder and lightening:	I go take a shower	
home village	nowhere to visit	but the graveyard	
plot, plop on the road?	cars follow the cow trail	to the milking barn	
eating alone	my alphabet soup	speaks to me
cold night	the escalating heat	of my old notebook	
the old cat rubs	her nose in the french lavender morning dew	
Handel's Messiah	the same tapes my late-grandmother	listened to	
green   shadow-dances ...   see our young   banana-tree   pattering the screen
frolicking	in the disused cow pond	two dragonflies	
thunder . . .	a bag lets loose	in the teacup	
historic cabin	we nibble windfall apples	on the rotten porch	
coming?out?of?the'sea?what?i?once?was	
His ash covers school desk	all the remains	8:17 am Hiroshima, local time	
an undertone	to the orchid's scent	somewhere a clock	
bus stop	the conversation takes	a strange turn	
closed buds	the rain	is beating	
opening his book . . .	the world he offered	tumbles out	
railroad tracks	summer shadows fade	into twilight	
view of the bitter	when she looks out the window	with that vague air	
heron in flight??	the rowing coach	claps out a rhythm	
to cockroach	in my rice bowl...	unaware of dawn	
autumn melancholy	she snaps a picture	of the flame-red zinnia	
cold mountain shadow	the slow drip of a spring	into sunlight	
deep chords	from the practice room . . .	a bee stirs applemint	
propped on the porch	a brand new pair of crutches	steady spring rain	
slice of moon	the scent of jasmine spills	into thick darkness	
white walls	white pills . . .	another day	
all souls? day	a child tries to catch	the falling leaves	
willow shadows	the drip of water	from a moose's chin	
september morning	the teacher writes her name	on the blackboard	
transient asleep	at the fountain's edge?	coin-light on his cheek	
not long till sundown	into the willows	a yellow frisb e e	
solitude	the night deepens	with every firefly	
vacant playground	the shadow of the swing	wanders off	
call from an old friend	first hummingbird	at the fuchsia	
the first snow	enclosed between the petals	Chrysanthemum	
rearview mirror??	dark clouds gathering	into a twister	
strawberry picking??	i stumble	over my past	
endless summer	another beach boys tune	on the oldies station	
morning moon	the soap bar floating	just barely there
molten by a morning sun	frozen cranes take wing	one by one	
autumn tide	the geese changing shape	over an old wharf	
longest day??	a mosquito finds	my ear	
his?first'smile?	catkins?curve?across	a?brook	
December evening	on the ultrasound screen	as snow	
February	the heart-shaped tracks	of a moose	
shortening flames	from the blacksmith's coals	autumn sun	
your letter	all of the bananas	too green to eat	
in the yard	between our argument -	a red dragonfly	
low tide -	the shells of Silence	under the full moon	
repeating the lecture	his eyes following	the window-cleaner's blade
man in white robe,	hung on lowercase t,	my first look at christianity,
elbow deep	in a cold stream	fool's gold	
midnight??	the last firecracker	fizzles	
bitter cold -	a row of stalactites	the roof edge	
new moon??	one white chick strays	from the broody hen	
after the storm	the garden flooded	with light	
a river of corn lilies	divides the meadow	yellow butterfly	
afternoon escape	within the prison walls	a library	
south road	crosses on a fence	where a family ended	
new year's day	my overalls stained	with last year's garden	
spin cycle	snow flakes swirl outside	the laundromat	
kyoofuu ni daite o-kure-yo ume shiroshi	
shooting season	the village pond	alive with ducks	
winter night??	i dream	in monochrome	
summer afternoon	our shadows touch	before we do
enough sunrise??	a small window	in an old hotel	
ocean calm	the huge red sun touches	its reflection	
early morning sounds . . .	the stench of the cattle truck	before it arrives	
cold and overcast...	dipping my banana slice	into sunflower seeds
heat lightning	the heron's toes	grip dead wood	
brilliant moon	i hold my hand up to it	unadorned	
dark river	the swimming mudhens	leave silver wakes	
full moon	she nurses her infant	in the garden	
embroidered dresses	showcased in the window	eyebrow moon	
celtic harp	the first raindrops touch	my cheeks	
water drips down,	from pans own hand,	as it rains upon us,
autumn dusk??	a fine layer of mist	over the cricket pitch	
reflection	in this oyster shell	pearl moon
jizo bon	akora mo sodachi	furu chochin	
a snakeskin	tacked to the drying board midsummer's eve	
sundown	summer evening melts in dark	fragrance of tea	
wild iris?	the water leaks	from a cracked vase	
through the open door	of the outhouse	mountain fog	
evening fog	antlers ghosting through	the coulee	
milkmoon??	my daughter nurses	her plastic doll	
after the fireworks... the thunder moon	
evening stillness	the small bubbles	as the trout rise	
peaceful evening	the drip	of oars at rest	
Madison Square Park	cold wind makes it	harder to day dream	
filling	a whole room??	the snapped daffodil	
dinner -	chat twilight	slips into the vineyards	
the hedgehog	yet to hibernate . . .	rain-matted leaves	
faint scent of lilacs	i wonder what he means	by	
Canada Day	this country and I	aging together	
death day of my son	one thin cow	apart from the herd
new moon ::	my sister's voice	after all this time	
summer dusk??	watering the garden	then my feet	
better than ever	in my neighbour's garden	my old roses	
summer rain -	finding chocolate frogs	at the back of the shop	
autumn gust	a squirrel with an acorn	back up the tree	
letting the branch go	a shower of petals falls	on the old woman
warm river	up to our necks	in sunset
first snow!	the congregation of birds	suddenly bolder	
new book	the hands of the clock move	faster	
russian birches	tracks of trotting turkeys	in the snow	
winter solitude	no spark of recognition	in mother's brown eyes
april sleet	oatmeal sticks	to the pot	
spring fever	mule ears gee and haw	above the pickup's slats	
St David's Day	a mower cuts the green	green grass of home	
you turn and   suddenly   there in purpling   autumn sky ...   white fujiami
spring morning...	on a busy street two men	comparing tattoos
cloudless sky	she cranks up	the big white umbrellas
first warm day	the derelict's	yellow tie	
mother's day card	the attempt to say more with less	written larger
traveling exhibit	a spider in	the bonsai tree
oak leaves	curled almost shut	the clocks turned back	
fingering my tattoo	granddaughter asks	when she can have numbers
alarm clock -	the garbage truck	on the dot	
water strider . . .	the wake	of an oar	
Summer solstice	the smoke of bonfires	hill after hill	
packing up house	boxes of broken dreams	filling the dumpster	
November morning	counting the many	shades  of grey	
a banner flaps	in the autumn wind...	everything must go!
a rest by the stream?	burrs on the tongue	of my tennis shoe	
wood sorrel	a bumblebee works	the last patch of sun	
winter dusk	the sleeping child surrounded	by origami cranes	
twilight	the poultry truck returns	with empty cages	
waiting for the bus -	my shadow	also changes postures	
winter sky -	it adds a little blue	over his eyes	
fields of snow	not only moonlight	but the moon
summer wind...	sailing the length	of the moon's reflection
fall clock	the deer by the pond	an hour earlier	
moving day	my life	reduced to boxes	
cafe for sale	outdoor tables rusting	into autumn
four cell phones in a row	and one notebook: foreigner	
waxwings	exchange rose hips	christmas morning	
forgetting his underwear	the one with so many	frequent flier miles
duskcrescent moon	amongst dark clouds	I light more candles	
new path??	the throat	of a violet	
ring around the moon	I remember parts	of a nursery rhyme	
i sit on a boat	something "wow" catches my eye	wondering what the	..
november morning?	the barn's shadow meets	the?frost?line?in?the?meadow	
dip drop bang boom flash	the rain, thunder, and lighting	feel, hear, see the storm
meg is smelly poo	she smells like whiffy blue cheese	smelly meggy smells
darkening trees	the steady shrilling	of cicadas	
day ending	without sunset, night coming	without stars	
voices of india	from a kitchen window	smell of curry	
windows open??	the sound of summer	in all the rooms	
new moon i hear about it first via twitter	
a silent stirring	in the wood anemones??	white butterfly	
shooting star??	father's ring	slips off my finger	
sleeping in?	his side of the bed	still warm	
her heart	on her sleeve	firefly	
rumble of the sea	against the headlands??	a fray in my cuff	
bullfrog eyes	half out	dusk moon	
cold evening??	the smell of chili beans	and cornbread	
Between basswood	and the war memorial	leaves show.	
each of us	with a story to tell??	winter stars	
daybreak	your kiss on the lip	of a coffee cup	
february dusk??	a mouse is eating	from the cat's saucer	
hospice visit	the daffodil stems	in a clear vase	
last rose	It has the curly leaves	cold night	
midsummer??	the uneven whirl	of a hula hoop	
where night	pulls away??	white irises	
end of summer	the sheep the color	of parched grass	
frost on the daphne	the way he says	
troubled by words	i look away??	moonlight on crusty snow	
mother's day	filling the bare spots	with nasturtiums	
open cage	the?breast?feather?left?behind	flutters	
gathering light	shrimping boats stir	the salted mist	
open grave	sometimes silence	says it all	
first chill	i wonder about	yesterday's bee	
autumn afternoon??	a tramp warms his back	against a headstone	
rice seedlings-	each step deeper	in the mud	
lifting fog?	a few white feathers	in the raven's breast	
morning shadows??	a colt's legs stroke	through long grass	
end of summer	the bumper car glides	to a stop	
evening glories??	should i complain about my life	like hisajo?	
steady rain	three vultures huddle	on a hayroll	
silent morning -	few drops of milk	in my coffee black	
the sigh	i heave	forsythia	
her note	in my pocket	cherry buds	
hobos are quite soft	so abundant on playgrounds,	they can break your fall
mountain torrent??	the water ouzel flicks	a white eyelid	
wolf moon	the dog	won’t come in	
turning tide	the river goes	from gray to blue	
wolf call	in the distance...	ice moon	
almost spring	outside the embassy	plaque polishing	
bumper crop . . .	the pecan tree's shadow	stippled in shells	
my mother braiding my hair . . .	i realize now	how young she was	
breaks thoughts	the tip of the cypress	shaken by the wind	
geriatric ward	the table groans	when they fold it up	
party's over	by unlit candles	smoking rooms	
A snail	in the right eye of the citrouille-	next Halloween	
alone	with dad's old songs	another night of fireflies	
through my earmuffs	the sound	of a spring bird	
trinket box	the old roller skate key	warms in my hand	
still lake	a hawk makes off	with its image
choke cherries??	press of my skeleton	through the flesh	
shaker village:	the clarity	of birdsong	
flight out of vegas	arms crossed	six across
in the fog	My breath is lost	the evening train	
February 4 -	longer on the wall	the blackbird	
tangled	in blades of grass	spring breeze	
sunday morning??	gathered ibis	drown out the prayer	
thunderclouds??	an aproned butcher	takes his lunchtime stroll	
the cailleach hunkers	tae incaa - a cruived burd	thrabs it the winnock	
on the parched earth	hawk's shadow:	war-planes over iraq	
new year's eve	falling snow quiets	the final hour	
spring equinox	moonshadow deepens	the creek	
scuba diving	cloud shadows	on the coral	
two moons	on August 27th	Mother's birthdate	
As if yesterday	your twenty-year-old body	wild strawberries	
petals pressed	entre pages of a book	i never read	
path of pine needles...	he adds her	to his christmas list
numb, useless, worthless	fading to oblivion	nothingness i breathe
intermission	sharing an awning	with the rain	
december dusk??	ink spilled on	a white canvas	
the thick clang	of a cowbell	the sun deepens
after the storm	a fallen pine -	first flower on the kowhai	
walking in first snow storm	no one	in a hurry	
cleaning everything	out of the old cabin i reach	for a mote of light
like a winter dream	kittens jump in snowflakes	look-mother now smiles!
opening fishing	fancy lures	wrestling branches too	
knife wind	my white breath	stolen	
parking for lovers	many crocuses between	the wheel's traces	
midday train ride	fanning the child	with dr. seuss	
starry night	pills snug	in their bottle	
Autumn sunset	a birthday balloon	rises	
the mugo pine	gathers maple leaves . . .	my husband chose me	
a mosquito	caught in my hair??	scent of pine	
summit view	my friend examines	his shoes	
cold rainy night	salt drifts to the bottom	of the shot glass	
children scatter	across the schoolyard	leaf-catching	
button jar	all he knows	of grandma	
no voice	but for the stones	autumn brook	
blackout	how bright Mars shines	this summer night!	
the old temple	a snake on the stone step	crawling away	
the printer spits	Millennium phoenix	another sheet	
it's as if winter	is about to leave	
passing the cream puffs	the guest of honor full	of herself
summer's last hour:	a yellow-jacket settles	in my garden glove	
cold drizzle	black birds pace	the asphalt roof	
melting tar	silk cotton drifts	across the road	
pleasantly drunk	in the orchard	a flock of waxwings	
Cup of tea	It is finally empty	smoke of incense	
swelter . . .	the brick carrier's hod	heavy with shade	
rotting cabbage??	a slum child watches clouds	drift away	
garage sale	unraveled flowers	on the kimono	
louver ajar	as falls slowly	the rising sun	
battered child	...kicking the swing	higher
spring day	the cat returns with cobwebs	in his whiskers	
the corner	where nothing grows??	moonlight	
evening sunrays	the tap roots of turnips	left in dry ground	
moonlit grass	a farmer whistles catfish	to the surface	
orthopedist's office	all paintings tilted	slightly off center	
nine times   arising   to see the moon...   whose solemn pace   marks only midnight yet
autumn chill	the house still creaks	in all the old places
gray marsh,   black cloud   flapping away   in autumn rain   last old slow heron
dying embers?	nodding off to the sound	of tree frogs	
one leaf's	slow somersaults . . .	oh to start over	
noon	a quiet bell	reflects the sun
deep winter	the old cat squeezes	between us	
sheet lightning	the first strands of gray	in her hair	
your tears at the airport	now it's raining	in la	
unanswered mail??	a pelting rain	flattens the pansies	
after the storm	the wind chimes	realigning	
out of the fog-	a barn with white painted	butterflies	
wind whistling hard	through the trees, waking my dreams	turn over to sleep
midnight moon?	the violet of violets	almost black	
the evasive look	of a teen without make up	first buds	
funeral procession	the second this week	autumn rain	
paragraph	after paragraph	winter fly	
autumn chill	the fallen leaf's veins	tinged a deeper hue	
fall morning	marsh mud glistens	in the rowboat	
fine gray rain	a flashmob of santas	in union square	
country graveyard	a hummingbird	she would?ve loved	
a howl	crossing the ice	the moon	
Around the Moon	Slowly, the fog	above crickets	
cloudburst	the last nail hammered	in the rain	
deep night	clocking the moon	by the pine	
start of a new season	a book loaned	to a new friend	
hot September day	homeless man stands	by ice cream truck	
between the rafters	a doll-sized trunk of clothes	the heat	
the only sound	a blue dragonfly	between bulrushes
falling leaves??	a street person	adjusts her bundles	
samhain night	another wreath	goes up in smoke	
Mekong river	the swaying of our hammocks	
sunset	flash of starlings	in the acacia	
somehow	our shrinking shadows touch	harvest moon	
bright jacaranda	filling the hill town courtyard??	the grindstone's whir	
first winter's day	i slip into	his gumboots	
awake	in the dark	the darkness	
nightfall	no decision	required
gone then?	cherry petals fall away	in the rain	
part-time job	wearing a pirate's skull cap	sunken boats
distant glimmer	of a beach fire?	autumn moonrise	
father and son in water	Young veiled mother	in the dark	
silent night	the fog thick	at every window	
rainy afternoon	black dog shivers at the door	throws in the towel.
the sound of geese	resting on the water	evening snow	
mother's day	a nurse unties	the restraints	
waiting . . .	dandelion fluff	settles on the table	
sunlit clouds	snow in every crack	of stone buddha
summer night	after the fireworks	the smoke	
sleeping late	this autumn morning	the bed half empty	
roses	in the smaller room	more fragrant
shopping all day	no more at ease	than before.
people are trying	to go to the bath-	room and they won't go
winter storm . . .	growing puddles	of candle wax	
his arthritis	guiding the hoe?	late tomatoes	
now my   loneliness   following   the fireworks...   look! a falling star!
her eyes	say yes	fireflies	
rustle of wind	among the rhododendrons	feather-fluffing wren	
traffic wind	in the black-eyed susans	a dead bear	
for a moment	the gull in the air	is very white	
phone	she dries herself	more slowly
snowed in?	a silverfish	in my teacup	
spring floods	i move the sink spider	to a safer spot
tangled seaweed?	two raccoons tussle	over a clam	
Peacock Maguelone	its ultramarine blue feathers	Sea to Sky	
sunset?	glowing clouds	fade on the river	
crossing the tracks	at twilight	the autumn wind
pre-dawn coffee	the smell of cedar	on my wool shirt	
on the underbelly	of the falcon?	the dawn's pink light	
autumn leaves . . .	in the book she gave me	an old library stamp	
rice field...	all these extra prayers	become stars	
sketch pad	no color	for snow	
nodding off . . .	a butterfly reflection	glides downstream	
dancing fabric	around the woman's legs	transport strike	
the offering	in front of the stone buddha	eaten by cats	
wild geese write   a line   flap-flapping   across the sky ...   comical dutch script
cold moon??	a stray dog roams	the village street	
perseids	a bat flits	across the yard	
a bull's eye	on a cardboard box	autumn haze	
the numbness	of scar tissue	forsythia
late night special	the postman rings	a broken bell	
still not tired	to give??	apricot tree	
first flakes	discovering my childhood	in a box	
early dawn...	I watch the New Year	spill down the mountain	
unknown birdsong?	i wander deeper	into the forest	
october's blood moon	internal tides ebb and flow	the world is in flux
wind chime	a text brings news	of his death	
day moon	the girls next door	spin hula hoops
blue morning light	at the writing desk?	the rain falls harder	
dinner alone . . .	the neighbour's cat comes round	to do the dishes	
my morning train	delayeda seagull	flies above the tracks	
hedgehog in the fog	looking for apples	under the wrong tree	
my chinese sister	is more beautiful than jade	caught in a sunbeam.
he leaves in an ambulance	the chrysanthmum buds	closed tight
scent of sweet clover??	settling into the place	i used to belong	
cutting out pictures	from old calendars . . .	autumn drizzle	
cabbage butterfly	floating in the breeze	laundry day	
glass harmonica??	a chickadee listens	from the windowsill	
hot day	the cool inside	an apple	
sunrise	from village to village	cockcrowing	
spring mountain wind	a traveller rests	on his hat	
thrill of her flute -	twenty three years	of our lips touching	
first night of snow	sifting through	his box of old buttons
butterfly garden . . .	a big voice answers	a small one	
pencil pine	the last of the sun	angles away	
lagoon at sunrise?	the shadow	chases its pelican	
harmonica player	he cups the cold	in his hands	
scarecrow	still measuring	the vast summer sky	
a final splash	while the light holds . . .	golden shafts	
see: surviving   suns   visit the ancestral   grave ...   bearded, with bent canes
still life -	at the lake's edge a tree's reflection	caught in the ice	
march snowmen??	picassos appearing	on front lawns	
mom's ashes pass	through airport security	autumn evening	
darkening sky	between mimosa blooms	an iridescent honey-eater	
mason jar	full of dead fireflies	dark night	
silver vixen?	moonlit snowflakes float	into her cage	
summer's end	a crawdad's firm grip	on hotdog bait	
Christmas market -	a star in the puddle	black snow	
we pick	the last blackberries	her freshly blonde hair	
ghost of the flame	wreathing around	the now cool wick
heat	the smell of ozone	before a storm	
roadside cricket song -	the full moon's risen	above the wires	
between	the chimes of the clock	shooting star	
answering a question	with a question	hermit thrush
morning meditation	the goldfish	winks	
desert night	beyond the silence	heat lightning	
the countdown	somebody else's	new year's kiss	
oppressive heat?	a bird emerges	from a puffy cloud	
wild horse muster	steaming flanks	in a biting frost	
quiet so deep	you can hear the swan	crook its neck	
weathered rail	all those carved names	through my hand
late february	a statue of houdini	encased in ice
first frost	lemon returned	not navels	
my daughter skips off??	in a drying clam shell	a color i couldn?t name	
her hospital room?	snow filling the small field	next to the big one	
our house for sale	blossoms for apples	that won?t be mine	
fireflies	the space between	stars
wildflower bouquet	we left country highway	the endless road	
high summer	a cloud of flies	over the road kill	
wedding night	the parents of the bride	in separate beds	
burning one by one	of old love letters -	some gray smoke	
cajun cabin 	the aroma of hot gumbo	floats on the bayou
middle of August	haikus	at low tide	
this wide sky	in the grass	a thrush's broken egg	
a beach downpour	they come out of the ocean	into a shower	
the weight	of late sunlight	peach boughs	
hospice garden??	he points out	the last calla lily	
the deaf	with his glasses -	black	
wine sapped moon	the distance beyond	her lover's wife	
rain at dusk	the slanted scent	of baking apples	
like last year	cherry blossoms	hides buildings	
autumn butterfly	open	on the warm boulder
windy winter   rain...   my silly big   umbrella   tries walking backward
our dusty truck-	an Amish man walks barefoot	across the village green	
cropped grass	r =	the tethered goat
roadside rest stop	he adds a haiku	to the graffiti	
winter rain	against the window	the cactus has flowered	
sweltering heat	chanterelles	under moss	
the cricket	stuck in a minor key??	milky way	
taiko drummers	listening to silence	between the beats	
spring trek	a rusted snowplow	at roads' end	
twinkling stars	again we pass the house	we?ll never buy	
bumper-to-bumper	late afternoon sunlight	on weed flowers	
brennin his auld lair -	reek's thrawins	o luve an daith	
aftershock	the music box takes up	where it left off	
the heat	two boys take it	outside	
a spider web	caught in my hand	scent of rain	
empty pockets	the eye turned towards the moon	nearly full	
a grackle not as black	as the memory of	grackles	
clown car . . .	nothing works	but the horn	
another spring	who will tell the dandelion	it's a weed	
December 23	a minute more	one day less	
against the glass -	her palm prints	linger	
full moon	lemon slice floating	in my teacup	
cold Saturday night	the barmaid puts sake	in my green tea	
morning fog	a worm trail ends	in a spiral	
Cat sleep	with his gray fur	Snow sky	
bitter cold	out-of-work husband	burning things
Waves on the beach	noise rollers rolling	under our embrace	
warm day	a koi sways	on her fan	
desert motel . . .	opening the door	to starlight	
fallen nest	turning back the clock	one hour	
a lull in her hands	the hairstylist asks	how i part my hair
it was raining out	as i looked out the door	then i heard thunder
shadows	on the chess board	becoming fewer	
Gold medal	on the back of the jewel	my sweat	
only this morning -	the cutting edge	My chipped bowl	
El Hueso's dry bones	still wrapped in a uniform	That he so disgraced.	
wildfire haze	between the icebergs	blue wind	
rowing me upstream	the steady breathing	of wood through water
salt spray	a taste of peat	in my whisky	
falling leaves	the clang of horseshoes	in the crisp air
winter solitude	the garden trellis leans	on a cloud
full moon	half dark half light	the sea	
a crow perches	on the sundial's gnomon	thunderclouds	
paper boat	cradled by the sky,	cradling the sky	
evening prayer	hailstones rattle	the windows	
no island	in the bay today	morning fog	
tall grass	curved with the nozzle flange	midday	
glint of sunlight:	the respirator carries on	alone
Night butterflies -	Honeysuckle flowers	faded on the floor	
this longest night?	knitting the baby's blanket	into socks	
april burial . . .	the weeping mother neatens	her son's perfect hair	
breathing deeply...	that smell of woodyards	in the rain	
swarms of butterflies	crossing the border...	rumors of war	
the bee inside	the fly outside	window-bumping	
awash with fog	the wheel-less	wheelbarrow	
kiri saite	suterare mura ni	haka nokoru	
Valentine's day -	the heart balloon	don't enters the taxi	
back to school??	graffiti visible	beneath fresh paint	
reflection in the stainless	the coffee machine -	naked little morning	
picking sea holly	the sky	just as blue	
Five years of haiku	in a  large paper box	on top, the cat	
john bell hood is strange	his picture is in classrooms	his face is too long
sultry afternoon	little mirages	above the tar	
end of summer	coming home	with the current and the tide	
garden -	she chose lavender	with bees	
pulling	the push? door	vernal equinox	
i fill the feeder	chickadee sings	we are grateful	
workers on scaffolds	paint a building	second day of a heat wave	
September sunset	a dead leaf	at my feet	
erosion	a flattened possom	in the road	
shared grief	the splash of oars	in the fog	
a leaf??	its descent stopped	by a child	
of the storm yesterday	nothing more than a snail	squashed	
shortest day	flames dance	in the oven	
chilly night	I ask	if I can sleep with her	
from the holy land	he sends a postcard of cracks	two thousand hears old
fountain pen gliding	across silky white vellum	thoughts actualize
winter rain...	she places his flowers	in the second-best vase	
the broken panes	of the old greenhouse -	still the new shoots	
riff	of radio jazz . . .	wren	
no exit sign	the door scuffed	with boot marks	
new carnival	the fortune teller	asks the way
mountain clearing	a hawk carves	all the rest
gray sky smelling the air for rain	or smoke	
a hazy moon	floats in my cup	white sake	
a rose petal	in the singing bowl . . .	first blackbird	
sunrise??	nothing on the snowman	stops the drip	
she tucks the sonogram photo	back in her wallet	spring sun	
falling leaves . . .	the street preacher	quickens his cadence	
in the notes	of the sax	autumn rain	
waxing moon	first star flowers	unfurl	
spring wind	tachograph discs	turn down a backroad	
moon shimmer	a whippoorwill	stammers	
the waters slip away	what we put off for tomorrow	must now become today
uncle's trophy wife	the slices of mango	rimmed with green
pylon of the turn -	faded colors bouquet	artificial flowers	
yard sale,	sunlight filling	mason jars
This dark night	Only white spots move	On the calico cat.	
on the iron lace balconies	only flowers	sunning
laid at the feet	of a cat,	all the alps
moonlit clouds	over the native graveyard??	our feet deep into moss	
blackbird song	my sumi-e bamboo grows	beyond the sheet
little loose cloud	and the blue balloon	finding each other	
downpour	all the puddles	wash away	
evening fog	a Salvation Army soldier	rings his bell louder	
voices	in the cemetery	remembrance day	
crow feather?	before dusk	the feel of dusk	
painting	the dark side of the house	solstice	
apartment tower	a new letter	for the dead neighbor	
morning song	the orange ring	'round the blackbird's eye	
tabletop fountain?	the doctor's bedside manner	in his voice	
calm water	two swans frolic	calm water	
a slight tinkling	in the dishwasher	winter evening	
in her hand	the downed branch	dancing again
empty park?	a kite twists	in a treetop	
new coolness	the old dog stays	closer to home	
back-to-back blizzards	under one of those mounds	a stone buddha
snowed in every inch of her
heat lightning	an armadillo skitters	into a ditch	
windblown rain	the labored purring	of an old cat	
new year light -	dust of one day	on the keyboard	
faint thunder	a snake sloughs its skin	in the creekbed	
lingering heat	a long line of freight cars	grinds to a halt	
weather girl?	the low front rolling in	matches her outfit	
small town	idling at the red light	horse & buggy	
contrails	above brown hills	places i've never been	
outdoor concert	the smell of grass	by candlelight	
dusty mullions??	early twilight creeping	from living room corners	
sirens	the wind pushes	a butterfly to the ground	
dandelions?	a lone runner	circling the field	
good evening breeze!   crooked and   meandering   your homeward journey
dark clouds rolling in	consume the sun with their wrath -	hotdogs on the grill
canyon echo	sky-colored asters	among the rocks	
in his woodshop . . .	my father is lost	in the grain pattern	
the?paper?rustle	of?eucalyptus	still?no?rain	
nets in place	the fishing boat	becomes the fog
morning fog	the bluebird's call	clearly audible	
midnight thunder	zigzag lines cross the sky . . .	the crack in my mirror	
distant thunder	a whiff of	foreign perfume	
sky clouds	only aircraft	Blows engine	
summer solstice	the longest days	shorter written	
iris garden	the golden spider's	giant egg case	
natural beauty	ever changing hills and dunes	cold, ruthless killer
musty smell	forgotten...deep	into the text
autumn night	in blue light	a yellow rose	
starless night	a fisherman talks	to himself	
spider silk	broken starlight	between pines
weaving its way	through the rush hour traffic	a white butterfly	
crack of thunder	a vee of geese	breaks
squash vines	long and hollow	the last late evenings
a gap between	frequent aftershocks	waxeyes feast	on pink camellias -	my heartbeat slows	
friday's dusk	he brings home	dark chocolate	
only a lonely song	in the emptiness of night-	the crunch of the snow
black elder	shakes its shadow loose	early snowfall	
pulled from sleep	by the solstice moon . . .	cowbells	
such utter   silence!   even the crickets   singing...   muffled by hot rocks
a crow at dusk??	ink sinks deeper	into the page	
driving past wheatfields	snippets of meadowlark song	from the fence posts	
the search light	bouncing off clouds??	new-town lonesome	
August heat	an ice cream truck	ran out of gas	
before dawn	By the small pond	The sound of crickets	
tea with mother-in-law? -	condescension	clouding the view	
shopaholics wet	leather jackets protect well	river ice creaks loud	
macro-furrow	the librarian	I look down	
unexpected guest-	a thought out cam	of nowhere	
stained glass	the way christ responds	to march sunlight	
Toilet Beach -	the flush wins	the waves	
end of the novel -	leftover cold coffee	in my cup base	
three days	of cold autumn rain	a dull ache	settles deep	inside my breasts	
long restless day	the white eyes of a potato	beneath the cabinet	
moonlight	a spider spins	between the scarecrow's legs	
sudden chill	an empty bird feeder	outside the nursing home	
going the wrong way	down the street	a mockingbird	
an old woman	with a lost look in her eyes	chilled wind	
valentine's day??	the cat leaves a hairball	on my pillow	
winter?evening	an?unbought?brioche	under?glass	
buried in a coat	he never wore?	autumn equinox	
over the   mountain   bright the full white   moon now smiles...   on the flower-thief
whispers . . .	the hummingbird's tongue	ripples the nectar	
forty-six years	writing my name	yellow in snow	
I turn off the pumpkin lights	a predawn	harvest moon	
Full Corn Moon	time to gather the harvest	before leaves fall	
stood up	by a part-time lover	shooting star	
the wrong side of town	a paw print	collects water	
winter morning	suds	still on the soap	
stripe a golden flash	body cuts between green blades	a tail left writhing
fresh snow	the new neighbors	with all the porch lights on	
night after night	the farm dog forgets	he knows me of old	
winter sun	the slow drip-drip	year of icicle	
summer rain	i walk through the odor	of the sky	
she leaves	the gate open	indian summer	
morning fog??	the dog keeps some slack	in his leash	
thank you, mango	for a moment i was	somewhere else	
Seafood tank,	Lobsters move slowly,	Far from Maine.	
windswept dunes??	the road map flaps	on the scorching hood	
a late arrival	in the back row?	the odor of rain	
the drought year	written in flies	on the river-bed	
clear sky	the river current	drag star	
starlight or hoarfrost?	which magic to believe?	
stepping stones	across a swollen stream??	the milky way	
Sunday morning fog	my neighbor's wife	is naked	
morning fog	more talk about more	pictures of detainees' torture	
earthquake night -	the stars are as silent	as ever	
paper lanterns	a white eggplant glows	beneath withered leaves	
new girl at school	maple pods	twirling endlessly	
digging?out?after?the?blizzard	a?crow's?voice?merges	with the creaking pine	
snow	at dawn	no more milk	
first snow	the smile	of a stranger	
quick interview tonight	the plate of a	Wind Street	
the crow -	balancing on a wire	and now, in the wind	
the petals scatter	over graves swept	and unswept
vertical dive??	the ocean folds over	a tern	
first day of school	the teacher	wears purple socks	
first snow	the pencil lady's eyes	catch mine
in a puddle	a leaf with a puddle	in the middle	
moon and star ...	a stray goose becomes	an echo
muddy garden	her puppy	brings it in	
morning tide	the seaside town	smells of breakfast	
chirping birds	the instant I press	the stop button	
scenic viewpoint??	a kite string leads down	to the ice cream van	
gala garden tour!	the overwhelming urge	to yank pokeberry	
Herding sheep	the prickly smell	of wet wool.	
slow, slow dusk	cicadas flood the pause	between apologies	
good friend   grasshopper   will you play   the caretaker   for my little grave?
stillness	after the storm??	furled hibiscus	
sound of rain	the faded e? on	the internet caf? keyboard	
American night	... the technicians	jostle	
forever diminishing	our view of the sunset:	the loss of the pine	
sadness at   twilight...   villain! i have   let my hand   cut that peony
along the road	shape of a willow	conforms to the trucks	
frozen solid	two withered leaves	overlap	
somewhere	behind the old barn	end of the rainbow	
will pay anything	the medal collector	who missed the war	
dune grass	a yellow butterfly weaves	in and out of shadow	
20 million city	another street lamp	into the night	
origami	we fold the map into	a vacation	
noon	the morning clouds	roll from the valley	
logging road	the pileated woodpecker	flings its cry ahead
eye fixed	on the changing sky	a dead sparrow	
our dialogue strains	in minutes to the day's clock:	smiling alarums.
at the end of the field	two sparrows on her hat	- Scarecrow	
old telescope	a giant spider	beyond orion
leafless maple	she fingers the wool	of his last chemo cap	
December dusk -	a solitary pine tree	all lit up	
that time of year	moonlight fills	his empty chair
shallow river	the boat	at dragonfly speed	
listening to a sermon	on Saturday night	no mention of hell	
slow-moving river	a heron's neck	enters the grey	
third day of rain	her stance	softens
train whistle	two jets wrap the sky	with mist
autumn deepens	the crows chatter muffled	by thick fog	
home office	my wife sends me an email	from the bedroom
wave-sound	the smooth stone	fits my hand	
north wind??	a new edge	on the old axe	
off-street parking	cabbage tree fragrance	fills the spaces	
onto my face	snow that started falling	before the stars appeared	
tense meeting	my chewing gum	out of flavor	
perseids	we help mother blow out	sixty-three candles	
brookside	whales are roaring	in a poem I read	
museum	so hot the mummy	hoodies	
picking up his toys	still in my funeral clothes	the very last time	
crows on phone lines	a new arrangement	every few caws
dwindling fire??	our conversation shifts	to death	
she finds	her great grandmother??	lichen on the stone	
late winter sunset slides across lake ice
enlightment	a police car	on fire	
dipping sun	a bittern blends	into the reeds	
under a full moon	a homeless man gathers cans	urban harvest	
doorbell	my thoughts	dress up
ex-girlfriend	with a baby carriage	spring rain	
warm winter day -	the smell of	a new book	
a gap	in the leaf shadows	summer moon	
litter	in the wildflowers	prisoners	
...in a borrowed coat	he has new letters	after his name  -  widower
this year's candles	in last year's wax??	chanukah eve	
iii	three men and three birds	stand still in the forest, all	surprised by rain.
Summer	a tree's luscious green	covers the walk signal	
dust clearing	the miner's lamp beam catches	on a splintered timber	
sad sandwich	fell from a machine	soulless	
the billowing cloud	metastasized with lightning	chemotherapy
muddy boots	everywhere the gurgle	of freshets	
steady downpour	a forever stamp	on the condolence card	
the old   fisherman   unalterably   intent...   cold evening rain
Sack of cheeries	clouds grow dark on the road	to the coast	
so cold	those winter stars	so close
fall equinox	another day	in the  90's	
the uncarved faces	in the pumpkin fields	diagnosis day	
sunrise	heavy dust on my copy	of Paradise Lost	
sunlit meadow	my small knight chases	dragonflies	
burned trees among	the fading living:	reminder	
April -	a gull's cry passing	through morning snow	
river crossing	the gap between	stones	
I check the calendar	to see if this is a special day	International Women's Day	
the familiar cough	of the neighbor's old chevy	winter solitude
in the shade	of a towering oak	acorns dropping	
putting a cork	In last night's wine	late autumn	
they stomp off	flip-flops	having a dialogue	
across?the?face?of?a?chalk?horse?rook?faces?rook	
spring evening	an old love letter	from my husband	
goat bells . . .	a light wind lifts	the butterfly wing	
no moon	the individual	songs of crickets	
now retired	his pride measured	in asparagus	
butterfly	my?bra	too'small	
i climb the mountain with my eyes never ending snow
hurricane path	a layer of green covers	early autumn leaves	
lakeside	the long silence	before the loon's reply	
the words under the fingers	the blind and Braille Book	friction paper	
sunny afternoon	sand swept	behind the door	
first time	at the zoo my son	watches the people
beach run	the salty taste	of myself	
smell of sedge . . .	coots settling	in the reeds	
sugaring off	the staccato tapping sound	of a woodpecker
merry-go-round	no one wants to ride	the wolf	
heather in bloom??	between wind gusts	the sound of my pen	
one moth	a thousand candles	light the darkness
afternoon thunder	green sprouts	from the hay bales	
gleam of mudflats??	a snail retreats	into its shell	
school bell . . .	noticing her	for the first time	
lovemaking??	over his shoulder	the moon	
end of the day -	hoarse voice	Banking distributor	
a thousand prayers	from valley folds and mountains	paper cranes	
old temple	but all my prayers	are new	
yew harvest	deep hues fill	a redwing's hunger	
summer's end	loose-leaf notebook snaps	echo in the hall	
New York September	the one-way sign Points Towards	the billowing cloud	
apple trees	growing into each other	winter drizzle	
washing	my mother's breasts	we both giggle	
morning rush	light	at the end of the tunnel	
old friends	a rustle of pea pods	against the fence	
crowded train	the drunk offers me his seat	for five dollars	
fireflies competing	with a full moon	summer solstice	
three surgeons	five nurses	wrong leg
season of mists...	a calling of wild geese	arrows south	
starry night . . .	a black rhino	fills the water hole	
streaming towards	the winter sunset	crematorium smoke	
mid-stream	a doe waits for her fawns	summer twilight	
sun after rain	tadpoles in a circle	point inward	
soft rain	fishing line parts	a cloud of gnats	
at the end	of a long learning curve	a helmut of white hair	
the stylist	rinses away	the sound of her voice
afternoon warmth the reflections of horse heads	in muddy trough water	
Memorial Day	we try to remember	when the war began	
the wren's empty nest	just a little less	of the moon	
the sky	on a morning lake...	that perfect lotus	
storm-washed sky -	the bird songs	clearer	
veterans day	removing his prosthetic arm	at the airport	
nude beach	about size	and sighs	
maple twig	turns lemon hue in the rain-	i reply to summer mail	
first sun barely up	the clatter of black-eyed peas	poured into a pot
simmer lift -	atween the leaves	blae butteries	
fluffed-up sparrows	the air white with snowflakes	above the tar	
a few heads nod	as a vision is retold	the candle's flame	
bitter wind	i draw my quilt close and worry	about the birds	
new year's morning??	a toothbrush color	i?ve never used	
end of october	in the vase without flowers	stale-smelling water
clematis climbing	climbing through	the climbing rose	
in dim dusk and   scent   a witness   now half hidden...   evenfall orchid
snow dust	covers the garden	whispered prayers	
first fall day	she speaks of taking	one more long trip	
on the pine	a feather stiff with sleet	ice moon
letter from overseas	a call from southward geese	penetrates the thicket	
baby two months	in the forest,	everything is new to me	
twilight	his breath warm	as he fastens my zip
unrelenting summer	a termite	tears at its wings
a spring wind	coins in the cup	of a sleeping beggar	
spring rain	the cleaner everyone likes	comes to say goodbye	
January moon	the thinnest skin	Appears	
in a pecan grove	wandering spring shadows	cows & blackbirds
old book	History of allergies	Sneeze	
morning	a busy spider weaving	leaf to leaf	
sunny terrace	forget Christmas	oncoming	
a street artist	soon finished the skyline	September fog	
biting into cucumber . . .	the mountain wind	touches my cheek	
Earth Day...	slowly the anesthetic	takes effect	
All Saints Day	from my window	backwaters	
bright moon	light years	between starfish	
alone again -	one plane flies to south	another to north	
troubled sleep	steam rises	from a storm sewer	
perched on a guardrail	of a busy highway	year egret preens	
faded recipe . . .	peeling apples	with grandma	
skies softening	the pond ice	breaks from shore	
summer twilight??	the red ball runs	the final wicket	
one white sail	on the horizon	silence between waves	
New Year's morning -	I wipe some dirt	from my glasses	
this morning too	the light of the moon	mother love	
Distant thunder	the smell of rain	before the storm.	
cold rain	a bunch of daffodils	against the brick wall	
Wild fires rage	scent of cedar	fills the air	
alpine lake?	my?breast'stroke's'shining?arc	toward sunrise	
plasma tv -	in high resolution	the homeless man's face	
frost moon	a dented nail head	catches the light	
Rain clouds	patches of blue in the sky	first cup of coffee	
clear and cold	the home health nurse	late again	
murmurings	in the old temple	summer wind	
autumn river	the old couple walks	not holding hands	
wind and rain	wisteria blooms entwine	the barbed wire fence	
flea market	a pink panties	in working order	
abandoned farmhouse:	something scratching	inside the furnace
the observatory dome	opens wide??	moths	
family reunion	the beach stones underfoot	more painful now	
nude beach	an empty bikini	turns me on
evening fog	nothing but the lights	of Queensborough bridge	
goat-bell	a star	goes out	
the newspaper open	a moth rests	on my knuckle hairs	
high summer	the sounds and smells	of a traveling fair	
first warm day??	torn caution tape	at the trailhead	
road accident	a crowd of teddies stares out	from the shop window	
the golden smoothness	in a stem of wheat	i take home the field	
deserted trail	my heart skips a beat	over a turtle	
graveside sermon ended	the last leaves blown from	a nearby tree	
old weary   willows...   i thought how long   the road would be   when you went away
midnight	the silence beyond	the streetlight	
too hot to sleep	i search for my son's footprint	in the front drive	
cold snap-	her pause before	each tulip	
a bowl	full of pear bruises	lingering heat	
nightfall	wingbeats of blackbirds	deep in the thicket	
family picnic	the youngest child pockets	a watermelon seed	
lupine pools	another memory stirs	my nostalgia	
a glass bowl	of river stones	model home	
harsh sunlight	faces peep through the bars	of the police van	
scraping noises	on a windshield -	warmth of bed	
in the yukon	sleeping with one eye shut	the summer night
early morning dew	was bronze temple bell	just before ringing	
beyond windsong in the poplars cuckoo of the longest day
morning fog	the muffled sound	of the train
brown innocent eyes	i shiver when i feel you	still you're far away
first warm day	a wheat penny lands	heads up	
cracked sidewalk	a young maple	branches out	
blue mountains -	the old tombstone	keeps watch	
rush hour	i enter	in third person	
still pond	a dragonfly lands	on the moon	
untimely death	watching dust fall	through sun's rays	
almost spring	humming the notes	of a bird's song	
winter bee	working a burial wreath	the twenty-third psalm	
no washrooms anywhere;	crouching behind a tree	i can hear everything now	
vacant lot	hardly worth	a haiku	
ice storm??	the great buck's antlers	devoured by mice	
Memorial Day	starts Iraq's	scorching Summer	
tattered clouds -	the moon's whiteness is	icier tonight	
the train arrives	one more sip	from an empty cup of coffee	
cold sun	in the parliament	their screams	
cicada shell	the space behind	its eyes	
squabbling squirrels	i no longer remember the names	of childhood bullies	
if strangers   threaten   turn into fat   green bullfrogs...   pond-cooling melons
silent spring??	a cooper's hawk	stalking the bushes	
haiku moment	she writes her number	on his napkin	
midnight mass	the stained glass infant glows	from within	
more rain -	lavender leans	on the stone Buddha	
a book in tent	on his chest	- Wind and wave	
falling leaves more of the sky	
my solitary life	a path worn around	the lotus pond	
smooth stones?	waves rinsing off the rain	rain rinsing off the waves	
swollen moon	the winter diet	of comfort food	
summer's end	an orange sunset	crayoned on the wall	
clearing sky	a hailstone melts	on the fallen flower	
summer grasses	a golden fuzz	on the blowfly's belly	
at the funeral	his secret life	white chrysanthemum	
getting it right	the first time	the moon	
balm -	to the source	in the rain	
hot, he's on his back...	how do i look upside down,	little black kitty?
heavy leaves	in the evening rain	heaps of darkness	
bullet fly high,	out of long tubes,	like birds of lead,
dawn	the smell of watermelon	from last night garbage	
rebels retake Ajdabiya	finally the no-fly-zone	gets teeth	
warm rain??	nevertheless	fireflies	
in the mirror	a much older woman	returns my glance	
evening rain??	the screen door	covered with moths	
fading light . . .	the faint smell of camphor	on old love letters	
lunar eclipse	a silverfish	inside the ephemeris	
void encroaches	as vision vanishes:	glaucoma wins	
op shop	pepper grinder	even has pepper	
vernal pool	just for a moment	i understand	
freckling	in the autumn sun...	dogwood leaves	
a lost child	in a ward of iron lungs	her daffodils	
Ordinary morning	bluest of skies, crisp, clear air	up to the shadows	
breezy afternoon?	dandelion ghosts	float past the daisies	
my housefly's autumn	the window with the hills	of apple trees	
beachcomber	grains of sand fill	her smile lines	
readying for bed	i open the shade	and let in the moon	
searcher's call	the lost child's name-	streetlamps veiled with rain	
candle light at sunset	Hanukkah	starts	
wildfire	vultures circling	the outer thermal	
spring dawn??	the beggar dumps a spider	from her cup	
winter concert	the way the mallets strike	the xylophone	
shimmering fireflies	the overgrown field	since father's illness	
fragrance	fills the gap	between the flowers	
cracked boulder	an acorn	settles in	
downpour	puddles swirled	with pollen	
autumn's scent	in the pile of leaves . . .	i take the dare	
june night	my mother alone with	her cancer
lakeside,	below the egret	a city of lights	
first white   snow of fall   just enough to bend   the leaves   of faded daffodils
they speak	of my doppelg?nger . . .	autumn's first chill	
thistledown	drifting toward its shadow	my friend's last day	
love is lost	snow falls	it's all the same
tin roof	two doves settle	into a groove	
saw grass	bluebottles teeming	on a white skull	
winter rain	the shape of shoulder blades	through her shawl	
all the way home	the wind at my back	new year's day	
his promised	return	paper airplane	
peony bud	cut for the grave . . .	wren song all day long	
the night train passes	along the mountain trail	garlic snores	
all saints morning	a path	of trodden leaves
all i wanted	to tell her	bare winter trees	
loosening magnolias	i linger	in the darkness	
winter blessings	snowflakes	one by one	
the page-finders	of my father's daily missal	losing their colors
ethnic cleansing	the colored woman scrubs	the white toilet	
cicada song . . .	the slow drift of creek foam	long into the night	
obsidian night	the white sound	of rain	
not softened	by sepia tones	images of war	
loneliness?	a piece of driftwood	keeps returning	
painted bunting	its shadow	still black	
Lighting the room,	candle by candle	a winter evening.	
the wolf howl lingers	fades into the night's	eerie silence	
over the eggs	they laid too soon	late falling snow
late november . . .	i miss another visit	to the nursing home	
hospital ward?	i try to isolate	her special scent	
sudden rain -	fallen candies	on the sidewalk	
quaker meeting	a breeze passing	from tree to tree	
june breeze	a hole in the cloud	mends itself	
autumn twilight	i tell the hostel	we?re almost there	
churchgoers??	ice floes drift together	at the river's mouth	
mouse sounds	a chunk missing	from the moon	
first fine day?	working the kinks out	of the vine	
october light	i open my ribs	to pray	
dawn	the broken edge	of a blue shell	
an octopus spills	its ink	clouds at sunset	
the big waitress departs	the china teapot	shakes
olive wood	the oil path	in his veins	
overcast-	curls of smoke	over a shared fence	
opening night . . .	missing the entrance	of the night blooming cereus
summer rain	another me walks home	under me	
family reunion	memories of the way	it never was	
an old temple	amongst cedar trees	too many leaves fallen...	
out of the metro	face to face with the moon -	return from work	
evening sun??	the light and dark side	of each tree	
family reunion	the wind takes a paper plate	into the lilacs
spring afternoon	the sound of a bee bouncing	off the window	
more snow . . .	the nag of an itch	i can?t reach	
snowbound??	collecting rent	on boardwalk	
over the top	of my sunglasses	blue sky	
autumn foliage past its peak	the pathway home	in sepia
strewn mimosa	a carnival creature	snaps at the crowd	
one corner then the other	of my book??	black-tip dragonfly	
lake mist	the smudged reflections	of pines	
the ashes	still log-shaped?	her 21st birthday	
flag pin	in the salesman's lapel	Memorial Day	
bird song	lost	in bird song
Autumn arrives early	for this mountain ridge	and me	
long after	the funeral service	- the unspoken words	
when he stops thinking,	he's still breathing, in and out
moonless night	an ambulance speeds by	with its lights out	
cloud watching	the meeting	Pangaea of	
Ancient roman ruins	along both sides of the road	white jet trail above...	
awake	before the alarm clock	listening to pigeons cooing
nativity scene	angel	waving to grandma	
first cicada	i fold away	the blankets	
cider farm	a sweetness	on the breeze	
apples in bud	a white lie	about her complexion	
dust cloud	the dump truck weighed down	with wilderness	
a breeze	through paper lanterns	the dancer lifts her fan	
small town square?	old men brush the leaves	from a checkerboard	
for?better?or?for?worse	our?lights?and?darks	tumbling?together	
winter chill	a bull ant climbs	the flame tree
awakening of spring rain	the anniversary	of my divorce	
Hiroshima Day	a Japanese ballerina	dances on pointe	
blue sky	I listen to her	tell me a lie	
up the mountain	the dog brings	his own ball	
struggling conger ant	-icipating a view more	likely a pastie
lazy afternoon	two grasshoppers mating	on my sandal	
getting dark . . .	grandpa searches too long	for the north star	
heat spike	a blister beetle probes	the cactus flower	
pear blossoms . . .	the farmer's wife	selects a chicken	
a man at the beach yells	I need oil to drive home	late June sunset	
high noon...	fish in the marketplace	gasping for water	
arms flung wide	the laundry	surrenders to the wind	
earthquake alarm...	trees raise their hands	towards the sky	
summer commute	again a truckload	of crushed cars	
sunset heat	distant loon wings	slap the lake	
autumn rain	she lights her cigarette	from his	
Sunday 7/1/7	the knife on horseback	on bean	
summer solstice??	insect eggs swell	in the alder leaves	
funeral . . .	the wind	hushes the priest	
on his T shirt	raised it revives	Che	
oppressive heat??	a road crew rakes hay	over grass seeds	
her gravestone	the smooth place	no longer there	
a maple leaf	touching other leaves	before the ground
My tea gets colder	and the madeleine just sinks	memory Betrays	
the shallows	pond grass connected	to the moon	
customs' declaration -	determining the value	of new haiku	
moving van??	the smell of fresh bread	from a neighbor's kitchen	
flashlight shadows	the storyteller's head	fills the ceiling	
more darkness	more stars . . .	autumn begins	
hi peoples ,gay ha	hahahahahahaha	hehehehehe
wording of haiku	poetry without substance	catches on the air
morning moon	filling up my window	autumn's end	
gardenia	just knowing	its scent	
bedside vigil . . .	moonlight comes	and goes	
a quart of oil	for the journey	christmas eve	
butterfly house	our voices	float in whispers	
dawn?	the first sunflower	rises over the fence	
picking blackberries -	Balloon	in the evening sky	
thunder carry?	the long slow slope	to the valley	
fifteen elephants -	after the storm	the cockerels waking	
porch swing	now and then a breeze	from the river
prickly pear?	hidden in golden grass,	still green and holding	
part street light	part moon light??	first kiss	
honeycomb...	everything she can't	remember
Reviews another	explosion	in baghdad	spring sun	
homeless'shelter	mashed?potatoes'served	with?an?ice?cream'scoop	
deformed horn	the cattle egrets	gather anyway	
retirement party	maple seeds spin slowly	to the driveway	
summer solstice?	spitting cherry pits	into the river	
winter branches	a spray of snow	from the magpie's tail	
a puppy chasing	its tail	i unbraid my hair	
computer crash...	I wish I were	this butterfly	
cloudless full moon	five fingers drumming	on-a-drop-of-kidney	
chasing bubbles	near the floating moon	a paper boat	
the little girl	lifts her eyebrows	orchid scent	
bayside picnic	trying to favour	the one-legged gull	
a skein of birds	twines across the sky	the northbound train departs	
wind surfing	gulls hover	over the wipeouts	
early rising	the door's peek hole	streams sunshine	
taos sunrise?	a polished pot	on the adobe sill	
winter chill?	old goose feathers drift	on the village pond	
the big dipper	no matter where i stand	mountain sky
big city morning??	shadows hiding	my shadow	
crisp morning air	a bird left his feather	at my window	
just inside	the garden gate	the first bench	
end of the drought	a mushroom tilts	under the spruce	
scattering his ashes	the moon	in bits and pieces
tv tennis,	all the players	on the sofa
year of the dragon	my future mother-in-law	slips me her room key
cooling shade?	cedar?waxwings?fly?in?and?out	of the honeysuckle	
colors change	telling jokes	in a foreign tongue	
dusty knickknacks	I try to recall	the scent of burning leaves	
back and forth goldfish hot & humid afternoon
playground??	every day the apple tree	bends further	
a fisherman	on my weeping rock . . .	azaleas in bloom	
ribboning through	the bed of pansies:	pale green gartersnake	
the familiar wail	of a common loon-	your empty chair	
swallowing the bait	catfish hooked on ten pound test	no dinner tonight.
11 de Marzo -	en el carril of enfrente,	silla de ruedas	
winter night	finding my pajama bottoms	on my wife	
deep inside	the city's sound	winter crows	
deeper	deeper	into the stream	the shadow of a swallow	
a drop of pond	at the end of a beak	setting sun	
aw day	the pyned rairs	as the auld aik dees	
the wing-pulse	of a shiny wasp . . .	heat waves	
hot afternoon	the hum	of her sewing machine	
loneliness	a hint of salt	in the rain	
blades clash against blades	arrows pierce sodden armor	and peace was no more
evening news??	each cloud carries	part of the sunset	
all saints? day??	beams of a lighthouse	sweep through the rain	
dying	in birdsong	day	
blossoms??	talk of bringing back	the draft	
sweat lodge	my only vision	is of the cool river
hot Eve	balcony breasts	Place the chills	
fading stars	stones on the beach	wet with dew	
getting acquainted	i learn another name	for wild radish
eyes closed	to a new morning?	mockingbird melodies	
winter rain	a flowered umbrella	at the funeral	
retirement home . . .	unfinished jigsaw puzzle	on the corner table	
thieves? moon	salt on tomatoes	from the neighbor's vine	
bedside watch	a barn owl shrieks	in the snowy spruce	
flower in the   stream   thus too my lovely life   must end, another   flower...   to fall and float away
spring breeze??	a mosquito in the sap	of a beaver stump	
croaking of frogs	just after-dawn	summer memories	
babar	a forget-me-not	between wrinkled pages	
thanksgiving	more stuffing pokes out	of the sofa	
scent of lilacs	the chalk ledge full	of small pieces	
heavy rain	a darkening sky	behind her face	
corner store:	spider's built a web	across the butterfly nets	
November night -	on my hands smell	of the ground herb	
grassy moon	we slip off our shoes	to count the stars	
sleet	the wind-chime's	unfamiliar tune	
wildfire?	how loud the forest	sounds	
pensioned??	filling the days	with late tomatoes	
Easter Vigil	mother sits next	the empty bed	
winter blues??	the harmonica man plays	for wall street	
slow drift of the river	splashes of sunlight	from a moorhen's back	
Moss on the roof	tiles. First one cat	then another	
goldfinch	shaking off	the night	
one wing	folded against the other?	colors of a dead butterfly	
freezing rain	one unwed year	into the next	
full moon	white-barked alder leans its light	back into sky
he turns one last time	His sailor's flashing wry smile	That bright November.	
at dusk...	the sweetness	of the roses	
boarding house porch -	a lone male	lights up	
morning sunshine	a wren weaves in and out	of the trellis	
skinny dipping	the black eyes	of the fish crow	
leaning trees	almost touch across the creek	a dove's flight display	
hawk in flight	recycling the wind	into himself
silence	the moon breaks through	the firework smoke	
mountain music	the poverty	in minor chords	
the faint shine	of camellia buds . . .	winter moon	
plum blossoms	my dog follows	a different scent	
still?unpacking?a?pair?of?wrens?in?the?long?grass	
fields of corn stretching	as far as the eye can see	within a lost child
deepening winter	he listens	to her womb	
month-old obit	of an ex-girl friend	unexpected rain	
too hot for miso!	he pushes it aside	That August morning	
cloudburst	an apple tree rains petals	on the asphalt	
formal dinner	the forgotten savour	of etiquette	
Side of the road	flowers a deep shade of blue	thoughts fly to you	
morning prayer	the patter of rain	as I reach amen	
autumn light -	in the silent glades	me and the gun...	
his ashes scattered	what to do	with the box
lulled to sleep	by gutter sounds	spring dreaming	
on the bridge	people hurry	summer rain	
freezing drizzle…	page after page	its insistent drumming	
a redstone church	still echoing its angelus,	the red stone hills
daybreak	the baby's first cry	drowned by thunder	
written exams??	into the silence	the scent of peeled orange	
on the clothesline	his and her shirts	side by side again	
undulation	of a faded flag	autumn afternoon	
back country	in the folds of my topo map	the rise and fall of mountains
the chill	ants in the flesh	of the fallen pear
north star	so many places	to call home	
autumn dusk	i wave to a girl	waving to someone else	
mild spring	wild geese gather	noiseless	
closing my eyes	to find it	cricket's song	
self portrait	the summer dress	i wore out	
visitors day	buttons just right	her dress inside out
after her death	finding the old scar	in my eyebrow	
this side of snow	steam rising	from the rice bowl
end of summer	the rust on my scissors	smells of marigolds	
a barn owl banks	over golden meadow grass	the morning star	
small talk	sixteen ants on the wall...	seventeen...	
she tells me I missed	a beautiful sunrise	black no sugar	
thunderstorm	a shadow pauses	at the gate	
bulge of my feet	at the bottom of the quilt	the long night	
thunderhead	a snake's path	slicing up the dune	
the poetess	part, remain the haiku	and the cold cup	
snowfall	the tea bag sinks	slowly in water	
ripples of light	across an oak plank floor	the wheelchair's wobble	
so few feathers left	it barely has a name	the melting snow
middle age	in the mirror	the turn toward it
the dead tree	in the lush forest -	covered with votive	
whiskey and cigars	perfect companions for this	mountainous refuge	
haze-blurred horizon	a painted bunting hovers	in the sea oats' curve	
reflecting	on his distance . . .	winter moon	
shadowy steps?	climbing towards the sound	of a shakuhachi	
winter in town	the stone memorial of the	God of Water	
wakened by rain	the scent	of bruised mint	
road trip	at the end of the argument	a patch of blue	
mist garden -	the faded blue autumn	wilted hydrangeas	
roar of a plane -	searching among the stars	one that flashes...	
harvest moon	a soup chicken thaws	in the sink	
popcorn clouds	a little girl sings	her abcs	
night is bright   with stars   ... silly woman,   whimpering:   shall i light the lamp?
my daughter's birthday	a child's balloon	above the clouds	
spring sunshine -	Gardening books	on the coffee table	
into the sun	where eyes can?t follow	a red tailed hawk	
after the burial . . .	my father's smile	on so many faces	
maple trees	on the verge of summer	wanderlust	
traffic jam	three saffron-robed men munch nuts	in their SUV	
evening fog	I watch my neighbor	smoke his waterpipe	
riveredge old growth:	a towering window	of stars
What was a storm	now lies wet and white	on the ground	
morning fog lifts . . .	lapwings guard a fledgling	amongst grey stones	
late winter walk-	soft rain on bare cherry trees	harder on my thoughts	
canterbury nor'wester	the cat stretched	under the geraniums	
Friday night	the office of silence	on my keyboard	
frosty morning	the carriage horses	turn a tight circle	
thinning -	a white butterfly	Cross the road	
wildflowers	today's news the same	as yesterday's	
a child's magician hat?	dust motes float	in the moonlit attic	
all the notes	in the skylark's song	sky blue	
a robin's beak	icts shell pierces	earth day	
absently choking	on a sliver of lemon	near-total eclipse	
nocturnal downpour -	a new wood board	Lock the bench	
sipping absinthe	the impressionist painting	of night	
charcoal alley	children flick marbles	into the light
dusk?	the stillness of swans	in a flooded field	
distant church bell . . .	snowflakes vanish	into dark water	
easter afternoon??	the sides of a dairy cow	heave in labor	
rock strata	the space in the photo	between grandma and me	
hiking the ridge??	trail dust settles	on tree tops	
the wonderous moon	sitting on the horizon	waiting for morning
arthritis	the dog chews	an old bone	
end of summer	the sparrows' songs	all vespers	
morning meditation	a steaming	manhole cover	
is it a walking	umbrella?	immense the black	over that bent-against-the-wind	angle of loneliness
decades in l.a.	the baggage i still carry...	longjohns in my drawer
her 18th birthday	for the first time she notices	my silences
haiku conference	lecturer delivers address	in three short sentences	
on her nape	beads of rain	slowly I follow them down	
walking through the woods	how it seems so peaceful here	surrounded by life
a gloomy sunday	I sip my wine	and watch the rain	once on such a day	it was the time for love	
after the rain stops	the skyline lights	glitter	
switchback . . .	alpine aster	all in bloom	
hydrangea??	over tea mulling the idea	of utopia	
lost in apple blossoms	the man with dementia	knows where he's going	
walpurgisnacht	a nuthatch enters	the scots pine	
quiet strokes	of night swimmer: the slap	of beaver tails...
the late glare	of a summer sidewalk??	winos pool their change	
the clouds are high sky	up there in the bright sky	the clouds are fading
distant thunder	the old dog growls	in his sleep	
the Ides of March	a cat has passed	nine dogs	
sea light	this year she wades	into the waves alone	
a gull or a pelican	on each old pylon	winter sunrise	
Roma red light -	the accordion	in flash info	
black with blue flowers	slip violist	- Shostakovitch	
summer veranda into an open notebook	a few unknown seeds	
the striped racer	slithering to full length	canyon wildflowers	
ah, cricket!	the neighbors Ceased	playing mahjong	
early autumn	under the old pear tree	scent of brandy
tall grass a hand drowning in snow waves
kudzu greening	the iron gate posts??	a buck's velvet antlers	
dull in a crescent's light	a canoe rests on the roof	autumn flood	
Cracked head statue	of the Buddha a reminder	everything passes.	
hot summer day	a bowl of picked berries	without sugar	
responds to his song	harpoons of old Japan	whale in spring	
before the storm -	on the bitumen	browned petals hibiscus	
chickadee chatter . . .	all the people peripheral	to a life	
North face of the iris -	a snail climbing	the uppermost sheet	
afternoon lull	the traffic island	crowded with pigeons	
new year's day	waiting	for the wishbone to dry	
japanese quake	this godless spring	tsunami	
morning clouds	the swan waddles	over a shallow part	
late afternoon light	through the window blinds??	a drift of leaves	
remembering you	cold and warm	on the same breeze	
winter sunshine -	the many shadows of	a small camellia	
in the chair	the cat curls up	in my warmth
dusting over	dad's bowl of wheat pennies	late autumn light	
cormorant's dive	waiting	until my eyes hurt	
bog rosemary??	first their humming	then the bees	
dog days	the wind harp's	lost chord	
winter driving	Almost blinded	by a sun-dog	
how black!	dirt on the last patch	of snow	
remains of pine	filling with twilight	a coming going world	
heat wave	the cat opens one eye	halfway	
giving away	her baby crib...	teeth marks on every bar
hosing the garden	off the carrots??	thanksgiving	
solstice	minnows darting above	their darker selves
memorial day??	a graveyard full	of old glories	
a corner of dry leaves	she slowly folds	the second opinion	
Veterans Day	smart people	start wars	
autumn colors	I remember mother's	favorite quilt	
first day of spring??	the faded strike zone	on the schoolhouse	
never expecting	the lilies in november	nor the small coffin
wind over water	so easily the cormorant	one to the other	
foggy slope	tree roots for steps	to the water's edge	
fall breeze	a wasp struggles	with the screen door	
last August morning -	the blue lagoon	My shaving gel	
nearly twilight	the blowsy petals	of spent tulips	
dream catcher	the shifting colours	of rain	
a foggy day	she buys yellow daffodils	on her way home	
mid-summer storm . . .	a herd of dairy cows	huddle together	
hot beach sand...	between my fingers	a cigarette butt	
breathless	camellias falling	one by one	
last leaves fall	the warmth of his voice	deep in his letters	
longest day	the smell of chemicals	in the waiting room	
springtime	a pair of ravens falling	over and over	
sleeping horse	angled bones lean	into the summer sun
arguing downstairs	she shuts the windows	in her doll house	
blackout:	morning glories appear	in the car's headlights	
to each other	in the dark	waving lanterns
hoping the shape	of the navel will be good	father cuts the cord
in the dark	i cradle snow	on my tongue
last red in the sky	a small girl's moon face rises	over the counter	
daylight saving time ends	the cat wakes me	an hour early	
the drunkard	tries to keep to the path	falling leaves	
tide -	another not covered	by another wave	
ashes my burnt   hut ...   but wonderful   the cherry   blooming on my hill
low sun	the glass blower twirls	a tear-shaped vase	
On this dark grey day	my thoughts wander to a pair	of  blue irises	
watching Perseids	a moth makes noise	on the porch	
the bees are buzzing.	beautiful flowers are here.	the flowers smell good.
Liberation:	the carcass of Panzer	It is now flourished	
two caterpillars	crossing paths??	summer's end	
forgiving him	again	again    the chill
chasing the puppy	chasing the wind	white butterflies	
open the window	and smell the white lilac	hatched tonight	
indian summer	we need to be reminded	to let the young win	
acres of gold	fallen leaves hide	our childhood path	
winter stillness	the bed starts	purring	
end of summer	outside the bookstore	paperbacks curl	
lingering twilight...	i tuck a jasmine garland	in my braid	
winter nap	startled awake	by the sudden dark
an arc of ibis	above the harbor	blue sky day	
wild flax??	a minute of blue sky	on a cloudy day	
the bell-ringers pause	hares race the wind	across the hill
dreaming in the night	i awake thinking of you	echoes from my soul.
a tributary	muddies the main stream??	middle of spring	
amber shallows	a perch nibbles	the sky to pieces	
moths fluttering	in the paper lantern?	a shadow play	
deep winter	the sound of mail dropping	through the slot	
summer sky	my father counts the black faces	on my road	
letting the dog out	letting the dog in	wrong dog
swimming laps . . .	the moon	one stroke ahead	
sunrise	a generation of fruit	flies	
silent night a distorted world	on the busker's sax	
in the produce aisle	a voluptuous woman	compares melons	
dark bar	old man younger woman	and a condom machine	
grey morning	I check out a new	tanning salon	
swollen moon??	the sudden urge	to push	
new chanterelles	along the fallen spruce	wren song	
endless rain	without opening	a crocus falls	
tunnel through the fog-	the dying man's wide open eyes	seek for a icon
autumn leaves	the songs we learn	as children	
dusk	a half-ripe melon	frees itself from the vine	
opening night?	the dark rose unfurls	its scent	
from fresh mud	the white moth rises . . .	early spring!	
winter rain	preening itself, the swan	drifts backwards	
above the ripple	and squall of deep troubled sea-	glides a flying fish.
reunion	almost forgotten	the old me
tattered basketball net	clinging to a rusted rim...	my childhood home	
echo of a bell . . .	a monk checks his step	over a garden snail	
weekend over	rattle of a plastic soldier	in my guitar
hunger moon	even my dreams	empty	
traces of light??	the way back	to the stars	
cool morning -	our chairs side by side	at the back of the garden	
old neighborhood?	the haunted house	now painted yellow	
autumn rain . . .	a face in a window	behind rivulets	
boyhood summer??	the hang time	of watermelon seeds	
starlit sky	a touch of dampness	on the scarecrow	
nice: wild   persimmons...   and notice how   the mother   eats the bitter parts
lavender blooms	outside the sanctuary??	late summer rain	
slender moon??	locking the door	for the last time	
winter squall	the bittersweet	fills with starlings	
spring rain	milk in her left breast	unexpectedly sweeter
solstice	the incense changes	direction
view of the hill	behind tract houses	thinning pines	
late spring -	the old kettle	still shines	
drought's end??	a boatman's song starts	the wadi babbling	
the child	points at the moon	and says, "bird"
another spring	the nameless shoot	still nameless	
West Wind -	the mainsail banging	a silage tank	
fresh azure sky	the lark	ascending	
cloudburst	the sound of raindrops	changing size	
quitting time	the smell of rain	in the lobby	
night rain	He befriends His sound	sick	
old letters . . .	flotsam on a river	to the ocean	
Winter storm	a drop through the window	Drop by drop	
snow?falling?through?the?night?a?crow's?white?throat	
the wad of paper	uncrumples	longest night
winter morning	too many men	wearing grey suits	
coffee perking	a ray of sunshine streams	into the rain	
drive-thru exit	a one-legged gull waits	to take my order	
new patterns	on the wallpaper??	autumn dawn	
sparse shadow	of the plum tree	the pull of an old friend
morning mist	the swallows return	to last year's nest	
empty terminal	headline news	for ghosts	
reading a harlequin	in the shade of a tree??	the heat	
kneading dough??	a cold wind gathers	yellow leaves	
i'm a grain of dust	in the mercy of the wind...	my single eternite
still smiling	water beads and drips	off Buddha's nose	
cloudy January	a white plastic bag	on a leafless tree	
sunny day . . .	losing all sense	of my stone pillow	
mercury beads rolling	on the bathroom floor??	earthquake weather	
The curved cheek	of the young monk	sunlight on the bay	
doves	on the TV antenna	war on TV	
cody wants to be	a hobo during school days	he will break your fall
pine slabs	dovetailing together	carpenter's hands	
Holy Week	she teaches her grandchild	to light a candle	
chinese busker -	the notes of his bone flute	carried on the wind	
tink and splat	of rain on garden tools??	ragtime in my head	
first firefly...	a quiet night and then	lightning	
squirrel's delicate	turning of acorn	i almost kiss you	
amish country??	their black and white clotheslines	in spring	
indian summer	the woodpecker pauses	to sing	
a new cellphone...	so many people to talk to	till the battery dies	
early cranberries	the workers' hats	bob up and down	
misty morning -	a black and white world	behind the graves	
a teacup	to fill	my afternoon	
warm Spring night	a setting moon	takes its time	
late walk	beach and moon	the same curve	
old armchair . . .	its weight	this autumn night	
day moon	a fresh tattoo rises	out of her jeans
referendum day	a few pale shoots	after the frost	
nursing home front porch	in sync out of sync in sync	three old men rocking
lovers? moon	the first godwits	settle in	
september morning	again my breath rises	to an open sky	
in a dark place	quietly fermenting	homebrew	
old cemetary	the broken iron gate	never closed
A bone scan today	on the way three birds on the	rose scented old path	
hangover	a cat eats grass	along the driveway	
alone	with my cheerios	and another missing child	
the faint pulse	of out-of-tune strings	winter light
**
day moon	the odour of walnuts	on our breath
denver mcdonald's...	the specials on the window	paint out the mountain
17 years	how carelessly she flicks off	the cicada	
in empty apartment	the great gash of	sun ground	
snow melt?	a puddle	of lost mittens	
troot stream -	mey-flees jig	syne couk	
overcast day...	even the poppies	stay curled up	
flooded paddies	floating rice shoots -	relentless rain	
gusty wind	barley heads sweep	in a mexican wave	
the white v of a killdeers wings	opening in the wake	of its cry
earth's rotation?	a dandelion casts	a shadow	
old village...	mosquitos enough	for everyone	
white clover	moth lands -	stalk bends
senryu poet	all those tight little lines	around her mouth
making love	passionately all night	the sounds of traffic	
autumn equinox	a sunbeam divides the melon	evenly into two	
her winter night gown	suddenly opens	crescent moon	
a cloud moves	onto the moon crescent?	the thinness of it	
west-bound train	the winter sunset	lasts a while	
i take the strongest	of my walking sticks	first cherry blossoms	
sensuous lips	the young man tells me	about his fresh fruit	
puddle	in the umbrella	morning sun	
fourth of july??	not a breath of wind	to stir the flag	
rattle of wind	through a plastic pinwheel?	the toddler takes a step	
skiing down the mountain	'cause of the fog, i can't see	where the path is smooth
suddenly	the toads go quiet	rain begins	
late autumn	a tea leaf in my cup	opens up
thoughts of her still??	a wasp nest dangles	from an old maple	
behind net curtains	her face glides from window	to window	
grey autumn day	knowing when it's time	in my bones	
cog railway	white sky	becomes snowflakes
glacial potholes	a shrike returns	to the cholla	
nothing	in our bedroom	but moonlight	
retirement home	each time the heron comes	another goldfish gone
a field in bloom	the foal's tracks	follow the mare's
roaring sea??	blue anemones	along the path	
cold spring	burnt waffles	and raspberry jam	
earthen	from terrace to terrace	the muezzin's call	
clear sky	how much she loved	the color blue	
torrential rains?	urchins?cheer?their?paper?boats	into the gutter	
on a diet	she devours	recipe books	
sunny day	finally on the pine	a cicada	
what was left	by the riverside...	deepening dusk
sunday morning	a dog sniffs the base	of the goal-post	
listening to	the ocean's history??	spring sunset	
tornado watch?	three violets poking	from a fire ants' nest	
a cloud of dust	behind the tractor . . .	harvest moon rising	
after rain	honeysuckle	awake again	
resting his head	on her warm flank??	morning milking	
right turn	the clink of church keys	at the tea party	
father's day--	a potato	without a face
long journey back home	a forgotten bale of hay	slowly rots away	
summer's end??	a dog-chewed stick	by the edge of the pond	
hazy moon??	the dog's third day	on the cat's grave	
woodstove's glow	the scent of oranges	studded with cloves	
after the solstice	this summer heat	still the same	
a sliver of clay	flies off the potter's wheel	the moon almost full
wrapped in headlines	once a year our angel	comes out of hiding	
rainy night	the slam of his car door	brings a sigh	
valentine's day??	a cyclist signals	with a long-stem rose	
blue sky	as if last night fireworks	never happened	
noon sun??	cane cutters	sing of tomorrow	
ice moon-	a berry branch	forced into bloom	
xmas lilies	on the white tablecloth	child licks the bowl	
steam billows	from the cooling tower ::	sunrise	
cold wind	our conversation fills	with plum blossom	
dewdrops	magnify a leaf vein my heartbeat	
dry trees	the wind sharpens	its sound	
rainburst	thoughts of you	fading	
dog coming out	with the cathedral crowd. .	tail upward
late morning breakfast	left uneaten	too much of spring	
hot wind	the roadrunner's beak	opens and closes
amid placards	pigeons settle	for crumbs	
squatter camp	the witchdoctor's bones rattle	with a passing train	
darkness	beyond the porch light	the chatter of coyotes	
january sun ...	the cotton fields	dotted with leftovers
the path shorter now,	underfoot the crumbling leaves;	the child runs ahead
The bugler plays "Tap"	her face so serious	her parents, so proud	
spring day	announcement said	no flowers	
morning cloudy sky	she comes out of the shower	wrapped in a towel	
Saturday night fog	so many girls here	have a hoarse voice	
wrecked ship	beside the memorial	a starfish	
morning sky	stars become	starlings	
spring wind	on my neck	cooler than your breath	
rain	another leaf	down	
making way	for the power lines??	a divided maple	
the cold wave	sharp edges	of halfpipe -	
fossil shells	inside a crumbling rock?	long summer rain	
first rosebuds	a slight bulge	in the squirrel's belly	
morning prayer	a white-throated sparrow	opens with song	
cold rain?	rice spewing from a hole	in the bag	
against the wind's chill	i button my sweater	feet dug in sand
cracking walnut	there might be	another universe	
the fireworks	the constellations	summer heat	
folding the map	part of the country ends	in the ocean	
ready to garden?	in the potting shed she gathers	her love handles	
swimmers	at the middle of the lake	graduation night	
dusk	songbirds' voices	disappear too	
blue sky	a banker smokes	a US made cigar	
sixty day jail term	as it grows shorter	my growing beard
spring morning??	women at a village well	tease the new bride	
beach sunrise	daylight crawls	crab by crab	
broken line of geese	high in the gray autumn sky,	fly on despite loss
ancient songs...	an elder's sweat	rolls off the bone-flute	
burnt-down house	yellow elders bloom	in the garden	
Organ music	in the subway	her long legs	
tongue out	the boy guides a new airplane	round and round	
man in the moon	a newsman reports	a beheading
next to the tracks	an old bottle	catching dawn	
summer haze?	the forest canopy	full of holes	
rumble of thunder-	slicing just-picked peaches	for the pie	
all around	light falling in a field	of fireflies
menage a trois	on a citrus tree	summer dreams
dressed for church	the perfume	of the garden	
memorial day weekend	watering plants	remembering	
lightning storm	bridge cards face-down	on the table	
shades of autumn	the gleaners come	in rat-grey coats	
moonflowers??	i weave a wreath	for my sister's urn	
fly caught	in an abandoned web	...summer solstice
the splash...	our anchor	splitting stars	
tumbleweeds	stopped by a fence	the milky way	
autumn rain	refinery lights remind me	of Christmas	
trailhead poppies but today	with butterflies	
breeze-tousled ivy	the crook where the owl settles	softened by snow
under the oak	blue feathers	black cat	
First day of autumn	splash of a spawning salmon	another cycle begins	
retirement community	speed bumps	in the cul-de-sac	
above ancient	fortifications	transmitting antenna	
on a fire hydrant	I tie my shoesbehind me	a dog waits its turn	
dragonfly pair	female so clear	through his wings	
winter isolation??	tossing one pair of socks	into the hamper	
one-lane bridge . . .	we give way	to the scent of thyme	
late for work	one empty space	petaled in wisteria
the gardener	and his scarecrow	the same hat	
the bubble bursts	making dance the moon -	old mare.	
night rain	a glimpse of deer antlers	between wiper blades	
rewound movie	she sleeps	through it again
cicada song	the sleeping bag's	long zipper	
retirement	an op-shop dummy	wears my suit
hot day	the bicycle chain	keeps slipping off	
hearing the call for prayer	as I pass a mosque	Spring sunset	
two minutes silence	the shifting light	of a windy day	
first light	cherry leaves heavy	with rain	
Caruso recording -	the gramophone crackle	lights the fires in his eye	
lost at night	on a country road . . .	falling stars	
globe lilies	an empty place	at the supper table	
November afternoon	the insistent bell	of an ice cream vendor	
five or six of   us   remain, huddled   together...   bent old willow-trees
heirloom seeds	a young woman kneels	in the garden	
indian summer??	a black bear grazes	the shriveled berries	
clear summer sky	the breeze blowing rubbish	around children's feet	
noise mower -	wild violets	lurking under the hedge	
three-quarter moon	mandolin music	just sad enough
autumn hike	slowly we descend the mountain	into evening	
Memorial Day	a layer of dust	covers his urn	
tipping back	my whiskey glass:	the moon	
tern feathers	in the surfcaster's hat??	autumn sunset	
first stars	a snowflake slides	from an eyelash	
Fall morning	fog resting on cedars	cup of Kona	
before boiled   chestnuts   cross-legged lad   is squatting...   carved wooden buddha
first raindrops	frog bones in	the middle of the path	
summer clouds	the river and i	inclined to the sea	
last of his line	the year of his death	still uncarved	
death notice	daylilies divided	for another garden
new coolness	more neighbors know	my dog's name	
shorter days	the wind carries	butterflies
news of his death	I can't stop looking	at the sickle moon	
dead my old   fine hopes   and dry my dreaming   but still...   iris, blue each spring
a moment	near the woodcarver's hands	hummingbird	
dry season ends	the scent of wet earth	saturates me	
morning mist	a canada goose	asleep on the dock	
an old woman with bread	waves the geese down	from the sky.
shortening days	golden foliage holds	the sunlight
swallowing	an iron pill??	autumn melancholy	
approaching winter	the fragrance of herbs	under sweet straw	
summer ending	the wind and my songs	going their several ways	
first spring day	melting and melting and melting	tracks of the mountain man.
this is how life is??	hearing the cricket at dawn	just as it ceases	
winter solstice	her first kiss	since the divorce	
as I walk	on wet Autumn leaves	a poster of McCain	
my eye . . . my mind	led into the woods	by the red sumac	
in a backyard	two women folding sunlight	into sheets
a keeper moon . . .	the old fisherman	lets out more line	
late autumn	and all the songbirds have gone	??the lilt in his voice	
rainy morning?	while getting the paper	the smell of a skunk	
more wine?	he places an afghan	around my shoulders	
dental practice	in the waiting room a row	yellowed chairs	
fragments of a dream??	starfish left behind	by the flood	
water-tower shadow	extending	a small town's loneliness	
goldfinch	on the topmost birch branch	sunrise	
the war memorial	migrating butterflies	cover the names
moving day	one last look	at the elm	
blank drawing pad	a violet damselfly	resting at the edge	
mime	lifting	fog
at the foot of the bank -	dandelions	flowering	
July sunset	the redness of people	coming back from the beach	
he stuck in his thumb	and made her cum. she was not	loud. but cum she did.
foggy day	I visit	the Turkish baths	
silence after thunder	the new neighbor calling in	her children	
cold. in the first line	having  as weapon their innocence,	the young people
blaming . . .	at some point the rain	became snow	
lazy rain	the solitary blackbird's	dawn chorus	
thunderstorm	roosters and crows	answer the sky	
night fishing -	my rod-tip brushes	the milky way	
pond reflection	it's only wind	that puts on wrinkles	
onion skins	in the kitchen sink??	leaves raked and piled	
an empty shot glass	on the windowsill	evening snow	
the neighbors	all seem busy . . .	last days of fall	
end of summer	the busker's trouser cuffs	collect burs
mistfall	the swansongs	of orb spiders	
dark night	in a moon rai	crazy butterfly	
the vermillion glow	from the pistachio trees??	i knew your father	
fall garden	the cat's ashes	no more than a handful
deep crack in the acorn morning thunder
Summer haze	the nude beach	is empty	
opportunities,	diminished in passing time:	our lost narrow years.
peace officers? memorial	the empty slots	for future names	
small town garage	miss december	nineteen ninety	
winter solstice??	steam from the squash	released from its skin	
lovers kissing	as the tulips close	spring rain	
skyscraper	a window-washer squeegees	the thunderhead	
first snow fall -	covered with maple leaves	at sunrise	
cold snap -	more than my prints	on the camera	
your reflection	floating in a tea cup	too hot to drink	
empty page	the dog's gray muzzle	on my knee	
wintering field	cranes as one	face the coyote	
Garden gates	closed	on river water	
recycled	with each bottle	the same resolution	
from the recluses  cell	the sweeat sparrows twitterings haunt	- meditaiton fled.
trails end	my pebble	settles the cairn
Rumors am -	the shadow of a smoke	on the white facade	
plum blossoms??	vitamins strewn	across my plate	
madison avenue	a row of ginkgoes mulched	with old xmas trees
blue butterfly	a little girl whistling	to herself	
watching	the lunar eclipse	a dead rose	
the waiting room an ant on my lapel	cleans its antennae	
her last year at	primary school	the wren's tail	
indian summer	a house sparrow's poop	pings a chime	
night of Epiphany	this strange dream flew	at first light	
aftershock	a tremor lingers	in the dog	
storm front	a splinter of obsidian	between my fingers	
half moon	your half interest	in the tryst	
moonlit stroll	her demons, my demons	the sea	
Easter vigil	candle flames tremble	at our breath	
sultry morning	the child's rag doll	slumped on the veranda	
inviting aromas . . .	the hostess asks	will it just be me
the slow progress	of the search boats	egrets taking wing	
closing light	the whistles of siskins	in the fringes of the wood	
street fair??	easy to find	the balloon man	
fumbling	to unlock the door?	winter stars	
migrating swallows	she tells me	she'll pray for me	
elton john sings	a texas love song as	first snow falls	
dew on the morning paper?	grass blades	unbending	
west coast sky?	the cat dreams	of catching eagles	
winter thaw	the neighbor throws toys	back across the fence	
no need	to leave the comfort zone	harvest moon	
"you?are?here"	on?the?trailside?map	a?resting?monarch	
on the sides	Scratch that it screwdriver	many adhesives	
cloudless sky??	in mayan nine words	for the color blue	
nurses station	above the heart monitors	a soap opera
for seconds between	flood rains: the sunny colours	of market mangoes	
stringing memories?	now i fly the kite	for father	
four am	the silence between tick	and tock	
graded papers	suddenly the rosebush	blooming	
winter sun	the spine of one book	out of line	
in hyphenation	of an autumn haiku	rain on the tiles	
grandmother	the stoop	in her shadow	
severe thunderstorm warning	a murder	of crows	
twilight blossoms	the robin's song moves	from tree to tree	
river	the moon slowly ripples	downstream	
easter incense	the prayers i never learned	in latin	
Autumn	New York State green apples	flood the market	
a window frames	the whole free world	in one white gull	
leaving home	taking a handful	of earth with me
family reunion . . .	patches of fog	on the horizon	
walking	one inch closer to heaven??	first snow	
galette	person-to crown me	even for one night	
alone at dusk	waiting for the company	of fireflies	
cherry blossoms	the parish priest	straightens his collar	
cornflowers	brighten the kitchen	my mother's eyes	
morning rush	he finds a half red kiss	on his coffee cup	
the curb	foliage cherry	in two garbage bags	
unfathomable:	our empty day of language,	and thoughts for the night.
thinning the carrots . . .	still thinking about the child	miscarried	
spring rain	the gravedigger latches the door	of his backhoe
my shadowy path   i've swept all day   and now ... oh no!   camellia-shower!
mayflowers	three small boys track down	terrorists	
prints in the snow the same pace as yesterday
lake trout rising	to fire flies	among the stars
raindrops	on the leaves of sunflower	po-tan, po-tan
a parked car has	its windows steamed	a rainy beach day	
planetarium	my child's grip	starts to loosen	
time passes	the graves in the cemetery	you are old	
ashes to ashes . . .	clinging to the fingers	yellowish clay	
a small bowl	of imported oranges	snow outside	
keeping them for a day	the broken pieces	of the heirloom bowl
winter dreams?	at her bedside a basket	woven of sweet grass	
still alive!	a distant neighbor's	summer-blooming maple	
dead tree	the last leaf	chirps	
summer shower?	the sour smell of marigolds	along the path	
backless benches ...	vertebrae follow	straightness	of the word ...	
summer apples dangle	up, down, side to side?	life before the fall	
shy girl in the doorway	impaled on ranks	of friendly eyes	
Snail shells	empty -	first shoots	
a different pitch	from room to room	summer rain	
ill again	a dry leaf	across porch boards
haiku	written on the subway	illegible	
late afternoon	cow's udders	graze the ground
first day of spring	stubborn icicles	still hang on	
morning thunder	mom and the dog	both favor a hip	
camping out?	the flashlight beam	lost among stars	
her blond hair shines	over her business suit	full moon at dusk	
the fields of flanders?-	the rich red	of the cemetery gates	
Central Park green house gases	a carriage horse shits	as he passes me	
starless night	the cyclist	without lights	
city alley	the heart of an iris	holding rain	
the day begins	descendants of dinosaurs	darting, singing	
winter morning -	frozen blueberries	my breasts so white!	
blizzard-	the slanting lines, piercing lines	our locked hands	
New York	opposite a church a mosque	both have their doors open	
the smell of sweat	here comes	the collection plate	
adrift	casting a bright line	into shadow	
falling into	the longest night	fresh snow	
morning moon??	the mouse	on a small branch	
lunch hour	the automatic teller machine	eats my card	
late October wind	her blond hair flies	along with the leaves	vent de fin octobre	ses cheveux blonds volent	parmi les feuilles	
summer remains	playing on the patio	the fuchsia's shadow
window warmth	flies that came in yesterday	want out	
ripe blueberries	the morning mist	knee high	
a dried leaf	slips from her journal	new year's eve	
rising moon	her smooth belly	like a pebble	
twiddling my thumbs	the sun goes down,	the moon comes up
driving under over red gold trees	rain slicked roads	
early spring air	all day long	our beds not made	
dense snowfall	the different stories	of father's youth	
look at the sea shore,	a refuge for the seashells,	i love the colors.
oh sorry tom-cat   bigger blacker   knights of love   have knocked you out!
langs zijderoute	dansende rupsencocons	in kokend water	
grey morning...	a whale on the beach lies	shrouded in fog	
sky	glittering stars -	pavement	dull	chewing gum	
wet deck -	the paths of earthworms	interweave	
leaf rides sutumn stream	trout regrets its slow passing	hungry wait til spring
a flutter	in the doe's flank	crocus in snow	
crossing the bridge?	the shadow of a gull	i never see	
stones in the rootmass	of a fallen tree??	winter stars	
summer's end	the tenderness	of light	
no destination	for my evening walk?	the hazy moon	
a great blue heron	wading through autumn colors	one step at a time	
overnight showers?	a stray dog sipping	the sunshine	
enamelled top	my son's smile spins	around the floor
mist under the bridge	the drifting shapes	of hobos	
bus stop??	the winter dance	of cold feet	
puddle	from last nights rain	reflects the clouds	
dawn storm	a bit of mountain ash	stirred into the snow	
come morning,	fish scales and the letter	you didn't send	
a leaf	in no hurry	indian summer	
All night long	they roam the sidewalks	dead leaves	
slug trail	the truck dumps asphalt	in the paver	
deep April snow	robins fight over	dried up crab apples	
light rain	on sweet, sweet clover	late summer's dusk	
on withered boughs	faint shimmers of light?	the pale ringed moon	
almost winter??	the blind man's dog	looks at me	
prayer flags	the autumn leaves carry	the blessings to you	
silence	the monarchs	i remember	
good night, fair city	your belly button sex drive	makes me fucking sick	
indian summer	a maple leaf drawn back	into the eddy	
morning glories,	butterflies,	were they not right here?	
sunrise	performing what i imagine	tai chi to be	
grebe?colony	the?warning?beeps	of?port?trucks	
the spirit guides you	through the wonderous forest	the forest of life
first frost?	a daddy-long-legs	skims over bright leaves	
going out of business —	the naked mannequin’s	Mardi Gras beads	
the UN General	Assembly meets	all the doves left town	
morning mist	the tick . . . tick	of leaves falling	
snowy morning	crows trading places	in the tree of heaven
spring festival	sunlight haloes	the baby's hair	
reading by lamplight;	sounds of a summer night	press against the screen	
a slow walk	to the cemetery	memory of blue irises	
city hall scandal	the town's rumor mill	adds a third shift	
bitter tea - my teeth	leave indentations	in the polystyrene cup	
summer twilight	the flap of pigeons	in a dry fountain	
uphill country walk...	on the verge wild plants	thriving in a carrier bag	
all night drive	the moon goes full	and past	
sunbeams	the toddler sticks his finger	in a daffodil	
long, low bridge	the perfect monotony	of the summer sea	
Sunday brunch	his eyes on the crumb	kissing her cleavage	
tomorrow i leave	cones high	in the old pine	
on the riverfront	a stranger	takes my smile
petrified forest	a stone axe echoes	in the sky	
all fool's day	behaving like	a teenager again	
under the fallen log	a long slender stem	?lavender cyclamen	
Work in the garden	hot sweat smell	and oregano	
yard sale:	she takes the baby crib	back into the house
autumn broomsage	a golden eagle	curves across the sun	
rushing creek	this flat rock	grows uncomfortable	
her cooled tea	in the middle of the table	first snow	
an armful of lilies	in the fullness of summer	an urn full of ash	
year's first hot day	East River lovers	smooch in their cars	
our passing breeze??	a do not disturb sign swings	on the hotel door	
spring changes...	I clean rust off the latch	of an old desire	
winter beach??	tire tracks turn back	on themselves	
clacking rails	five languages	in the compartment	
kids find pokemon	in the blossom-petal patterns?	the rain-drenched wall	
father's silhouette	at the pier's end departing geese	
oh moon, moon	above so much powdery snow	father is still ill	
sun dogs	on the winter horizon...	another body count
morning-glory folds into herself into her folds
virgin snow	a pine needle enters	point down	
a flip-flop	in the middle of the street??	the heat	
cold April rain	the sediment	at the bottom	of a wine glass	
raking leaves??	the two of us together	until dark	
digging	for the shovel	winter dawn	
wedding vows	butterflies flicker in the light	of a church window	
Field of flowers	still lingers in the air	smoke of burning	
winter thaw	the spilled seed cool	to the touch	
almost spring	untangling the streamers	on the windsock	
my skeleton	going for a walk	in the cemetery
dawn	a drunk pisses	on today's newspaper	
summer rain??	her kimono tied	loosely	
death valley	a tumbleweed	faintly green	
darkening street -	two babblers on a wire	and then the moon	
dog days . . .	another block of hay	pops out of the baler	
afternoon burble	the yin yang of two beef tongues	in a pot	
red lipstick	her laughter at his jokes	louder than mine
shooting star	conversation halts	around the campfire	
death watch ended	the rain storm	begins	
even after 30 years	the scent of honeysuckle	one summer night	
a distant tractor	long into the evening . . .	curlews	
rain	the sound of a horse galloping	through leaves	
despite my assurances	my wife's makeup	thicker	
the cicada	sawing itself	in two.
a skimming stone	makes the mountains wobble autumn chill	
soft greens	and cherries full bloom??	but peace?	
evening heat	sifting through the screen door	their laughter	
summer's end	a boy skips a stone	to the other side
late night date	sand in her bra	all day long	
as i reflect	on growing old . . .	daffodils!	
christmas eve	searching for the beginning	of the scotch tape	
riverbank	lined with hats	whitebait season	
winter fog?	the horn of a freighter	heading out to sea	
clear sky -	year old man sweeps	fallen leaves	
spring thaw	another tine	of the antler	
can't it get   away   from the sticky   pine-branches ...   cicada singing?
sandcastles	new friends work on	old problems	
village fair . . .	insects fly round and round	a tube light	
my daughter says	i resemble a drunk	winter rain	
geometry lesson	day moon	next to a contrail	
April 2nd	the snow	still lying	
night of stars	all along the precipice	goat bells ring	
icy conditions -	another slide	on Wall Street	
kite festival??	the startling red	of a cockscomb	
spring noon	the construction crane	lifts a crow	
crewelwork	the musty scent	of geraniums	
a minute	more daylight than yesterday??	paperwhites	
good news	from the cardiologist	autumn butterfly	
a moth flies	through my breath	in moonlight
winter night	the sound of mother's	sewing machine	
spring football players	pop and hustle, grunting.	yearless. fatter.	
thin marsh ice	my father attempts	an embrace	
screeching gulls??	under the tangy sea scent	odors of decay	
the world spends millions	on ways to entertain us	while we sit and starve.
now in sad   autumn   as i take my   darkening path ...   a solitary bird
at the fence	they sit on their tractors	talking hay
week of rain	the insect's trail	on the flattened leaf	
the way the breeze	ruffles his fur	dead cat
birdsong	through open windows?	he lifts the veil	
humid day	her shirt refuse	to dry	
thanksgiving	my brother and i catch up	at halftime	
cold sunshine	the stray orange cat	tucked into itself	
morning rush . . .	a street sweeper roars	over plum petals	
shrinking shade	a praying mantis rocks	in the warm breeze	
glisten in the sky,	the stars, like bright topazes,	mesmerize the trees.
her small fingers	tightly grip the pencil	writing her new name	
all the frogs	in the snakes? aquarium	staring at the sun	
hunger moon	the many shades	of snow . . .	
christmas eve	cracking walnuts for his son	and his dad	
monsoon clouds . . .	a herd of water buffalo	wades into the pond	
spring blossoms...	the old farmer	coughs blood	
drought	no clouds	in the bird bath	
winter solstice	one egg short	of a pudding	
bull's nose??	a swarm of bees	follows the pollen	
lounger -	snow mattress	gently background	
mother daughter	lunch	storm and thunder	
filtering in	with the night air	a skunk's warning
monday dawn -	the silence	of traffic lights	
big store	from morning to night -	his caddy in his house	
village road . . .	the jingle of bullock carts	in the mist	
soapsuds??	mother tells me how	she?d like to die	
In the morning darkness	coffee cup in hand	missing the sunshine	
rain-streaked windows	how to paint	the finch's song	
i am a cool guy	i think that peoples are random	yay to the me, yeah
frost on the windshield	I remember how much	I drank last night	
frozen pond	the moon trapped	in a crack	
between the second	and the third line -	short trip to bathroom	
going under anesthetic	one foot keeping time	to the o.r. jazz
a voiceless cicada	quivers on the reed by	the heron's nest	
between hills	the shimmering heat?	reedy duck voices	
moss growing	on the manhole cover	winter rain	
class on the quad	my eyes drift	to the afternoon moon	
wrong address	the doorman wears	a diamond earing	
birdsong the shimmer of rain	on the lake	
saturday . . .	a single sailboat	in the shipping lane	
winter sun	the flat of my hand	on the cold window	
under us??	water that roared	in the waterfall	
so many stars	through the pruned grapevine	the buzz of mosquitoes	
the snow is coming down hard	ooo please	please	please	yes	no school today
open drawbridge??	counting the masts	of ships unseen	
fingers burning	i take my blues	higher	
bare branches	a coyote howls	into the wind	
almost ripe	the pineapple that was	so hard to draw	
unfolding	a field map of summer . . .	butterfly	
the pulse	in a knot of spiderlings	warm breeze	
field of sunflowers??	at the edge a boy	in a yellow hat	
crime scene	a butterfly pauses	with me	
like every night	the voices in the street	lilac flower	
mountain-side -	the train climbs its own	sound	
creek crossing	her hand in mine	one rock at a time	
midwinter's night	the occasional chirrup	of the smoke alarm	
winter solitude??	a potato	begins to sprout	
whale watching??	a distant cloud rains	into the sea	
thunderstorms	all day long	broken promises	
an old man's breathing	barely moves the newspaper	winter dusk	
the beetle i righted	flies straight into	a cobweb
dark tree silhouettes	low on the horizon	Orion rises	
Still under white sheet	his body four hours later-	Rain beats on pavement.	
offshoring jobs...	the last glow of sunset	at the horizon	
sweet-grass braids	we bury grandmother	without her wig	
meditation over . . .	the crickets	still chirping	
buddha and christ meet	on a cloud high in heaven	both needing a rest
again and again	to the tip of the rod	red dragonfly	
cold May moon...	the long road stretches	out of sight	
pea soup fog	the slosh	of a paddle wheeler	
coffee cold	she clips the obituary	from many papers	
soft breeze	the weaver bird loops	a blade of grass	
lilacs in bloom	a clerk washes	the town hall windows	
california dreaming	a white christmas	inside the snow globe	
telephone poles	the long straight road	through clearcut	
fish ladder??	patches of moss	on graffiti	
sultry twilight	pauses between bird's singing	become longer	
patio dinner	our plastic chairs	slowly chill	
They share	a bruised apple	moonlit feast for two	
disillusionment,	shadowed up in the new year;	fragmentary blues.
now and again	through wind-flattened grasses   the tips	of the hare's ears
smoke drifts	from a fajita stand	plaza autumn	
family picnic??	my son runs a finger	over his birthmark	
ripening blueberries	a river carries sunlight	down the valley	
the cat	right where i left him	haloed moon	
pecans falling??	we wait for our grandson	to visit	
end of summer . . .	the changing sound	of maple leaves	
autumn mist	a complete	fairy ring	
the last star	in the morning light	night-blooming cereus	
white kimono	often confused	with nine hundred count percale	
a child bride	bows her head	the whitest peony	
dandelion seed	drifting through the lawn party	her perfume	
moon so bright   for love!   oh, hear the farmer   by that light...   flailing his lovely rice!
children's carousel??	the way seasons come around	faster than before	
first snow	bride walks out	of a church	
summer sunbeams	through the gym's high fan blades	the world of dust	
slightly warm	this one perfectly ripe	wild blackberry	
setting sun	my mother picks	the last tomato	
summer storm	the windscreen wipers	slice our silence
indian summer	a bee bounces around	in the beer can	
approaching storm	the young blackbird struggles	with a worm	
watermelon moon	she pedals slower	closer to home	
Morning Paper	twice the colored ad inserts	as the news	
farmer's market	she paints a flower	on a child's cheek	
a pond,	frog jumps in,	i follow.
long summer	the whiskey glass full	of midnights	
eclipse	the path of the sun	blocked by billboards	
tinkling key stroke blues,	washed out in fleets of summer:	the gray sunday float.
spring morning	last year's new neighbor	introduces himself	
long spring evening:	double-decker	gets fitted with new ads
black-out	the holiday glow	of fireflies	
a mosquito	aiming noisily	the sound of one hand	
winter evening	my boy calls	to say he's feeling better	
thunder storm	on the sidewalk	earthworm slick	
christmas train	travelling with	the child within	
downpours	on Tax Day	but for me no refunds	
sunshine fills the place	where he huddled?	old cat's passing	
shavings?curl	from?the'sharpener	apple'smell	
ripening plums	outside our bedroom window	...and the far dawn
coffee art	i postpone	the first sip	
too soon the darkness	your last words lingering	in mist	
raindrops plop	into my coffee cup	summer rain	
insomnia:	the smell of bread	who cooked	
as if this sky	weren't sky enough	indigo bunting	
january sales	a clown's car steals	my parking space	
snowmelt?	a song	i haven't heard in ages	
pale legs	under a white moon	shivering aspen	
the cat and i	walk together	all the fallen leaves	
new year's balloons -	the pregnant woman	staring at the mirror	
pink blossoms	open ears collecting	the sound of bees	
stormlight	the magnolia	bursts into flower	
hut in the woods . . .	small teeth marks	on the toilet soap	
patter of raindrops	in autumn leaves . . .	the seasons turn	
the things	we never did	undertow
late night??	a waitress repeats	the list of pies	
alone this winter	counting the nights	counting the stars
dusk rain surrenders	bright clouds bleed a war-red	kurosawa sky	
coffee with buddha	i talk about my worries	his dick-ass smile.	
damselfly	for a moment only	the stony creek	
eclipse of the sun	monks in orange	pray	
rummage sale	her husband in the chair	not worth keeping	
frost	on the spent firework casing	new year's day	
pebbled beach	no sound skips	into the new year	
sego lilies	the trail Dissolves	into wildflowers	
three stabs-three misses	the heron	shakes its head	
crash of winter waves??	cries of the golden finch	shut in its cage	
red poppies growing	entre rows of white tombstones	as in remembrance	
glorious the   moon...   therefore our thanks   dark clouds   come to rest our necks
green tea in white cups	an oriole holds forth	from a high branch	
stray thoughts	a butterfly probes	the netting	
strategic plan -	the sound of distant	foghorns	
first buds . . .	droplets too fine	for the wiper	
golden sun,	pitch black moon,	the gods of day and night,
crocus buds	secrets we've kept	from each other	
a quiet street	bright yellow leaves settle on	an empty bench	
long summer night?	pale through the fire	the rising sun	
deathbed . . .	my old friend's imitation	of a firefly	
ever tonight	relight the candles	the wind blows	
night-nurse	see how she tip-toes	over the moon
attic light	dust rising from the dark	in the magic hat	
steam train...	just over the wall	a winter-flowering cherry	
furious	only a b+	on his paper on hubris
wolf moon	suddenly I see her	in a different light	
again and again -	news of his wife's death	
passing clouds?	an ant swings	on a grass blade	
metal birds	fly south to the	forest fire	
mother's day	she puts me	on hold
early spring sun	the spinster combs out her hair	for nesting birds
sheep in the churchyard	on the last day of summer	more rain from the west
first warm day	the pulse of the honeybee's	abdomen	
starlit sky . . .	cicadas? keening sounds	surround us	
ash wednesday	the stamp on my hand	from last night	
a line borrowed	from another poet	spring rain	
pale sun?	cherry petals drift	onto the cat's fur	
autumn mist the parking meter	in a black plastic bag	
dinner outside...	the crumbs walk along	the brick wall	
glimmer of revival	at the window	full moon	
i am the age	my father never was	spring planting	
a child's smile	ringed with dirt spring planting	
weeds uprooted	the earth	under my fingernails	
sound of anklets	on the winding path . . .	river song	
discount store	the unfinished tattoo	on the cashier's arm	
barbed wire	sagging under its load	of bare vines	
new millennium?	a bed of volcanic rocks	in the aquarium	
rainstorm . . .	in the car the rescued dog	shakes	
city zoo	a wolf looks up	at snow	
mountain ginko	all the haiku	a little breathless	
the cloud	to the plane	the place over	
bed of spring moss??	she tosses her hair	over his shoulder	
hole in the footbridge	i spit	straight in my face	
familiar names-	the warmth of a woodstove	in January	
Awake	Smell of rain	two new haiga	
sleepless night	a square of moonlight	crosses the room	
day's end	my daughter asks	for the moon	
adventure playground	grandma is stuck	in the fort's entrance	
evening breeze	ruffling thoughts of her	echoes of the erhu	
sudden October downpour	her cigarette	got wet	
stillness	in the storm's eye	stars	
late night at the office	an exit sign floats	next to the moon	
mushiatsui asa	te ga kimi o	omoidashi	
midsummer's eve??	even the terrifying mongrel	decorated with flowers	
morning stroll?	unshared thoughts float off	with the withered leaves	
measuring a life	from crocus	to crocus	
lightning flash	how short	the stubble	
empty cowshed . . .	a little bird drinks	water from the pail	
open air theatre above oberon and puck	two bats looping	
loons scattering . . .	a floatplane touches down	into summer	
such heat	the weight	of the cat's breath	
cathedral shade??	a bee deep inside	the bearded iris	
i tap the crystal	four waiters attentive to	the green-leafed wind	
spring sun??	cedar waxwings fill	the leafless plum	
fresh blueberries	a 'gothic' teenager	darkens her lips
October sun -	the flash of a robin	in big black pine	
cold rain	the greengrocer stacks cabbages	on cabbages	
after the conference	pigeons feasting	on crumbs	
frigid morning	the brittle echo	of a crow	
pink sky	a woman sings	to her laundry	
finding a way	through the forest	winter sunlight	
sick of this torture,	feel so unhappy today,	i wrote a haiku.
peach juice	from chin to sink	summer's end	
bird shadow	from tree shadow	to fence shadow
salt water taffy	a long line of cars on the bridge	heading back	
summer day?	shadows of cumulus clouds	rush over the hills	
first swallow of the season	modigliani's woman	longing for it	
high in the cherry tree	a boy singing	with his mouth full
first day of vacation	shooting star	on a moonless night	
December rain —	a phone call	from my son	
clear water	a magpie's song drops	into the pond
the void she leaves . . .	a honeybee enters	an apple blossom	
morning prayers	the suet cake	pecked thin	
tarp-covered yacht	the longer shadows	of a fake owl	
first dew touch?	shyly, the lily unfolds	her petals	
longest day	dipping cornbread	in buttermilk	
Autumn sky	many layers of clouds	pile of leaves	
tunnel exit -	a rapeseed field lights	the compartment	
frog song . . .	a bromeliad	gathers rain	
cracked soil	a day laborer bent	over his shadow	
first snow	a dusting of flour	in the cake pans	
dream fragment in sun:	the light-embedded day blue,	rolling off the night.
cut palm	there are only	few fireflies	
Early necklines:	already ripe fruits	April	
all the snow melted	she wears her	angora sweater	
sweeping leaves...	her lovesong interupted	by a sigh	
blue rain	a kayak frozen	in the slipstream	
twilit tombstone	an owl	drops a pellet	
the recession	more nude entertainment bars	open	
evening dew -	a ladybug on the wire	the mower	
slugs	boneless?wandering	in?the?lettuce?bed	
tough as we sound	our eyes	on the fireflies	
pausing to ponder	the dragonfly	on my pen's point	
meteor shower	crickets occupied	by its song	
September storm	Pressed against your back	curled up	
noon heat	a swallow just ahead	of its shadow	
parchment moon	a silo's silver cap	looms out of the fog	
above the flood plain	a double rainbow...	promises  promises
twilight breeze stench from the horse	that pulls the carriage	
seashells??	i sort through	my childhood	
winter sun	warm woolen back	cloud cools
curtains flutter	the shadows of birds	rising in waves	
During Creation	Haydn	a spider	down from the hanger	
cold ocean	moon shards leap	from waves to rocks	
strong breeze	clouds sweep by	the top of the tree	
a female mallard	leads two drakes??	spring morning	
election results	the muezzin's call	like a lament	
winter solstice	cranberries popping	in the saucepan	
first rain	a child's paper boat	caught in the drain cover	
a bright Spring day	some graffiti	looks bigger than before	
still reflecting	upon creation	dragonfly eye	
valentine's day	only rain	on the scarecrow	
the glass jar	full of fireflies	bedtime	
autumn morning	dew-drops dripping	from a cane pole	
alleluias	a trapped bird flutters about	the church	
just a tinge	of red in the leaves	evening crickets	
autumn sunset	a wood stork's pink feet	stirring silt	
an eagle	its shadow	sculpted in the sea	
glow of light	from the hilltop hut?	shooting star	
bow our heads	passing under the lilac	heavy snow	
4h fair?	such a long-handled brush	to lather the pig	
the scent of snow??	a flake	then nothing	
wispy clouds	the last blossom hangs	on the fireweed	
autumn dusk??	red leaves coming down	with the rain	
evening sky	Some counting fireflies	more than once	
eyes closed	while listening to her poem	the summer wind	
Night Flight	silver of the moon	on the fuselage	
the coolness	of evening grass . . .	our first time	
mound of dirt	my son asks if ants	bury their dead	
outside my window	it is raining all is wet	but not my spirit
meeting a hummingbird	on the way to the bath	my nakedness	
northern lights??	the feel of a planet	beneath my feet	
flowering briefly	you	and the spider lily	
bubblegum on my shoe	the little girl in the red coat	skips to school	
birthday?	a gathering of moths	on my paisley shawl	
her placenta	beneath an oak sapling	first star	
gray morning	the concrete business	of pigeons	
meteor shower	turtle hatchlings	head for the sea	
rainstorm	body smell	in the bus	
distant thoughts-	the last ember	cools	
snow shower -	the models of the window	in summer dresses	
darkening the shade	between touching apples	the shadow of a wren
hot night	magnolia blossoms	in the moonlight	
touching the tree	where we carved our names	water shimmers	
city sunset	he buys her	a rose	
softly the quail	from their crowded crates	greet the dawn	
in the midway sun	corn on the cob customers	grinning ear to ear
catch and release	a little shine left	on my fingers	
unknowns	waiting for the wind	to cry again	
memories	the carbon black	on the roof tiles	
all night snow	i listen to mouse feet . . .	crossing the attic	
winter night . . .	father's last words	never come	
this house	is my last home	bougainvilleas in bloom	
a clod of earth	the worm wiggles	out both sides	
the randomness	of where things fall	red maples	
late summer	an inchworm	less than an inch	
mist at dawn	from the other side	a loon's call
blossoms	some of her words	i know by heart	
morning haze	she asks	who picked our lilacs	
desert heat	the lizard disappears	into a snake
7th floor, cubicle 9 a butterfly drifts	past the window	
ice floes?	the wing of a gull	brushes a star	
laying in bed	with dreams plucked	from summer rain just you...	and the scent	of melon	
end of the mornng	the mold of the fishmonger	yawn	
summer humidity:	the circular motion	of the carousel	
winter's end	another bite	of green curry	
primrose??	a new nurse hired	in the playhouse	
walls of ice	deep in forests	frozen frogponds
a glimmer	on the sharpened ulu	hunter's moon	
morning mist??	a bridge spanning	an invisible lake	
evening shadows??	a crow	this side of the haze	
the clerks lip ring	i forget	what i wanted
starlings leave	the leafless tree	the silence	
in a shoebox	all the candles	of uncelebrated birthdays	
crossing it alone   in cold moonlight...   the brittle bridge   echoes my footsteps
amusement park	odors melding	with the sea	
the last leaf -	his white breath dissolves	in the garden	
open window	everything i know of the world	in falling leaves	
deep winter	the splinter begins	to fester	
the august hayfield	raked into windrows??	a dipper of water	
young lake ice sings	a tune more ancient	than footprints	
heat lightning	for all the right reasons	we wait	
low tide	gull and gannet shadows	pick shells	
bowl of tomatoes	first hint of ripening	early dawn glow	
locked out	I write a haiku	about daffodils	
autumn sunset	the wake of a tugboat	sloshes ashore
my rising blood pressure -	a vapor trail	in the sky	
Haijin heterodox	the haiku meeting	he drinks wine	
drifting evensong	pine needles cloistered	in fresh snow	
sine wave	a purple finch	does the math	
fog rising??	mushrooms push aside	a bed of pine needles	
the first flakes of snow	drifting down on the wetlands	canada geese	
empty corner	slowly the moon leaves	the dust	
roaring winter   storm   rushing to its   utter end ...   ever-sounding sea
end of the month	no bread left over	to feed the sparrows	
covered sky -	Full moon seen just	... On the calendar	
ozone level too high	a woman wears nothing	under her skirt	
old tractor seat	filled with rain??	and birdsong	
evening rain	the deaf dog sleeps	with a paw on my foot	
once before you go	receding snowbank	tell me your secrets
footprints in the snow	words	I can't take back	
balloon man	selling pins	for popping
from the warm distance	of decades in your smile,	you appear to me.
dawn	a vee of goslings swims	toward the moon	
the hole secu-	the pale pink blouse	the pharmacist	
day in the park finding a cherry blossom	in the baby's diaper	
fair-weather clouds	an ultrasound	of my next grandchild	
watching rain	pouring down...pouring down	just watching
silent cathedral	stained-glass apostles	dimming with dusk
eclipse	the taste of goodbye	in your kiss	
my daughter's graduation?	a gull separates	from the rest of the flock	
open range	leather creaks	in the cold dawn	
lingering day	I study the moss	in a park bench	
Yellow Winter roses	mist over the garden	sound of fog horn	
cancer again	the slope	of his shoulders	
putting diamonds	on the heads of rusty nails	first frost	
wisps of fog	her red sweater	comes and goes	
road to the beach	wave after wave of blue	hydrangeas	
twilight rain	the blue heron mid-lake	somehow smaller	
narrow road	the clash of umbrellas	as we near the buddha	
churchyard clover	around our shadows	brighter green	
adult walk	a skip	in the child's step
blue-sky rain	among countless geese	the tundra swan	
open drawbridge?	a brown pelican	goes through first	
sunny Spring day	old graffiti catches	the eye	
a few petals	left by the sweeper...	sunset clouds	
broken twigs	short end of wishbones	among the tombstones	
growing season	the orchard flooded	with moonlight	
just the retriever's	nose above the stick -	flight of wading birds	
freeze warning	just enough change	for coffee	
funeral flowers	bright pollen staining	the fresh linen	
why so scrawny,   cat?   starving for fat fish   or mice ...   or backyard love?
sudden gust	carp leap from pole	to gulp the air	
desert cemetery-	my sister in law	Does not weep	
the visible edges	of the layered earth	where the stream splits it
bobwhites	throughout the canyon	sunset colors	
Autumn courtyard	as leaves fall	algae grows	
cold moon . . .	a rising wave splashes	the taste of salt	
under the rainbow	a hundred cows with	one expression	
day moon	the jellyfish we spot	from the end of the pier	
autumn sun the old dog rolls in the dust of the lane
Dead robin	its breast still	burning red.	
cold nightI pass the statue	of a man wearing	a winter coat	
waking up all night	this room is too close	to the moon	
early spring	not enough sun	to move the snake	
town cannon	a finch with twigs vanishes	down the muzzle	
lightning . . .	the scarecrow's coat sleeve	caught in mid-wave
storm clouds roil	across the prairie	she marks her place	
cool morning	Ball chestnut	well closed	
almost visible	an owl on the verge	of night
a hole in the clouds-	the sun has  send its light to	a cherry in blossom
the flu shot	my last time	mother held my hand	
do you still feel	birds and squirrels on your limbs...	sleeping, leaveless tree?
sheet lightning	a grey cat flickers	through the grass	
fox tracks . . .	who was i before	i was tamed?	
thin moon	a harrier hawk	working the field	
my 73rd summer	the shadows	of butterflies	
the blues song	in another chord	autumn deepens	
quiet night...	the cookie jar's marble lid	opening	
a phoebe's erratic flight	this canoe trip	won't solve anything
garden work	talking to each other	back to back
morning ablutions -	channel into round drops	on the back of a duck	
kissing you	under a paper moon...	the stars!	
new moon?	the wolves howl	within themselves	
glass of lemonade	wind leafs through the book	left on the railing	
summer breeze	taking down the wind chimes	you left	
the water stands still,	as the wind flows over the hill,	then again, were camping
garden trellis	a green snake loops	into our small talk	
how desirable	in the thrift shop window	my old mag johng set
autumn dusk	the gates of the lock	close behind us	
Thanksgiving Day	delicate aroma of turkey -	sky scorched from Iraq	
evening breeze	something close to mozart	in the chimes	
blue dawn?	the rain's last phrase	on a glass pane	
departing hearse?	the coldness as a wheelchair	touches my leg	
apples in the grass	an empty swing sways	from the branch	
fifty years later	once giggling teens avidly	comparing their ills
indian summer	the bright green	of wet paint	
Brussels-Munich -	Fly Racing	on the PC screen	
day moon	the clock has stopped	ticking	
balls	need licking	like felt
sweltering heat	plop after plop of tomatoes	tossed into buckets	
new year's eve bath??	i fail to become	a swan	
winter rain	tufts of moss	on the flagstone steps	
autumn equinox	my mother's writing	on yellowed paper	
Punctuation.	A rose petal falls	from the vase	
a sheet of ice	clings?to?a?black?alder's?limb...	the unpaired mallards	
full moon	pumpkins in the field	ready to pick	
haloed sun	the slight whispering	of tall corn	
dry stream bed	clouds drift	above the train	
airport gate	the undetected poison	of your words	
cattails in moonlight	no such	urges at my age
heat lightning	places where the mower	cut too low	
leaf shadows	pink and blue paint cans	in the baby's room	
early spring	her hand-painted robin	in my mailbox	
funeral's end??	a pine bough sloughs	its burden of snow	
against the mountains	peaks and troughs of turmoiled sea	lay flat before me.
autumn rain	my socks dry on	the pc tower	
water bed	dreams	undulating	
dusk shadows	a peacock's cry	across the paddocks
death anniversary	prayer flags drip	in the rain	
the milky way??	a glowworm reaches	the tip of a rose	
fall colors??	my youngest son's	deep voice	
midsummer quiet	the cascading shades	of mountain ridges	
sunday morning	a neighbor comes out	to clap his shoes	
Water flowing	takes away my thoughts	a flooded river	
back to my hometown	blooming with a sweet scent	mom's oriental lilies	
birdsong	the rush of the river	over stones	
weathered bench	i open my palms	to the winter sky
cold soup??	the winter moon	on snow	
bitter cold	the bell ringer??	peppermint breath	
rain clouds	a kingfisher watches	the busy traffic	
such stillness	i absorb the sound	of creaking bamboo	
snowflakes	a robin's flight	from tree to tree	
the car packed	one last pebble	cast into the sea	
despite	the foreclosure sign	daffodills	
half yellow moon -	workers talk about	tortillas	
day moon	hoof prints litter	the beach track
cinco de mayo??	losing my daughter	to the dance floor	
candlelight dinner	she fingers the rose	to see it it's real
apple blossoms	with only me to witness	the path of the wind	
unemployment line	the autumn wind	fills with leaves	
sweltering stillness	the nurse flicks a bubble	from the syringe	
walden pond?	where the cabin once stood	deer tick warning	
a rack of antlers	nailed to the gatepost	lingering heat
late september	a sudden rain	rushes the dusk	
harvest moon	the small puddle	nearly filled	
deep winter	where have i lost	the third hubcap	
cutting	the last rose stem . . .	woodsmoke	
summer vacation	the bumpy ride	back home	
old woman alone	never creating attachments	life is like a dream
harvesting pears	all the street's children	arrive to help	
the slow turn	of a barber's pole?	afternoon heat	
only a junco's wing	this small snow-blizzard	from the lilac
as i wait for you	the light of venus	through falling leaves	
no man's land	a boy flies a kite	above rubble	
he talks about	his asset allocation	skimming bugs from the pool
midwinter vanished	in a bite of homemade	strawberry preserves	
Hiroshima Day	a 13 kiloton	sunset	
dusk	the space between us	filling with snow	
voting day??	crows on a cedar bough	shift their weight	
garage sale	customers discuss	philosophy	
subway window -	she smiles at	my reflection	
morning mist	the sun does not reach	the side lane	
fluffy seed pods??	the evening air heavy	with party chatter	
free floating	a tide full of shell fragments	and fireworks	
philosophy class	i talk myself	into a corner
evening sky	over fallen petals	a dark rose	
aspen...	i lose a word	or two now and then
winter aproaches	working years are finishing	spring will not return
separate words fall,	down gray days of rainy past	and fragmented thought.
in the dark	the mountain	loses its name	
morning cicadas	a vine reaches	into open space	
new yellow car	autumn leaves	on the windscreen	
mimosa flowers	drifting in the breeze...	not?wanting?my?book?to?end	
jade tea cup	the fallen leaves	of the poinsettia	
moonless night	the first click	of a shark reel	
gray steamy morning	soft voice of falling rain	rose petals shudder
Saturday night-	a long time to prune	colored pencils	
shoulder blade	of the aged pony	a rivulet of rain
summer reading	the dot of an i	moves down the page	
a halo of mist	comes over the rising sun:	an autumn morning
muddy circle	measured in the snow	by a dog's chain	
spring grass	the rounded rump	of an angus steer	
tidy kitchen	knives all hidden	but handy
a berry's curve	in a crow's beak	harvest moon	
january??	the gym crowded	with resolutions	
water	upon water	a spider into the bud	
mid April	even in the shadows	the ice melts	
crabapple blossom??	the older twin always	one step behind	
morning rain	umbrellas	go to work	
heat lightning?	all the way into mexico	the mountains rise	
summer begins??	the sound of a stick	dragged across a fence	
misty river??	the drone of the drawbridge	still in my ears	
a desert wind	stirring at the trailhead	fragrant sage	
windy dusk	a dog waits by	the collapsed bridge	
scent?of?ripe?apples?when?i?would?practice?how?to?fly	
deep fog	i wish i had another	cup of tea	
hide-and-seek	the weeping willow	giggles	
summer day?	walking barefoot beside	grandchildren's footprints	
mushroom gathering	i trust her	with a secret	
such coolness	the snail stretches	its neck
sharing with a grandchild	the secrets	of clouds	
after a big rain,	appear a pretty rainbow	how nice the skies is
evening star??	fold upon fold	the quiet blue hills	
a butterfly	hovers above me	friend's funeral	
feeble light	the slow melting	of eucharist	
still sun-warmed . . .	the pulled-out scarecrow	in my arms
no breeze	children on branches	swing their legs	
meditation hour	the rain	changing rhythm	
under cloudless skies;	nuclear resister jailed	missiles free to fly
drifting gingko leaves	all of my yellow pencils	worn down to nubs	
cicadas buzz	as we walk from the church:	white dresses	
a winged ant	crawls on hot asphalt	end of summer	
in her bedroom	all her lovers	only photographs	
in blinding snow	sweet silage smell	from a door left open	
this time	i don?t kill the wasp	summer's end	
sunset	I turn off	the Christmas lights	
awakened again,	the first work day of the year...	sleeping white kitty
morning fog	a carpenter calls	for a 2 x 4	
clock face	the precise shadow	of a small spider	
a broader path . . .	i rake away my footprints	with the yellow leaves	
watching rain	drum beat on window pane	the deaf cat	
the sun slips low	a carnelian red paving	the water with dark light
beside the	'high fire risk' sign	a blaze of montbretias
spring moon	her tippy-toes bring her	that much closer	
in the fog	the neck of a goose	winter hour	
his dog asleep	on the empty side	third deployment	
long thaw	porridge putters	in a pan	
autumn weeds . . .	the orb spinner's	warp and weft	
gunshot the length of the lake
Summer	a fly informs me	of dirt places in my kitchen	
dull pencil	the staff meeting goes	on and on	
ocean swim	not knowing what's	beneath me	
funeral procession	a bee lands	on the flowers	
youngest daughter	passing through	the willow shoots
wind funnel	whirling leaves across the drive	my neighbor waves her rake	
grey sky	the cluster of white breaks up	into egrets	
more thunder	ants do ant things	to the peonies	
cloudless sky	all the things	I do not know	
on the lonely moors	the wind cuts into your face	stranded, far from home
bearing down	on a borrowed pen	do not resuscitate	
insomnia . . .	the cat's breathing	deepens	
lengthening shadows	a stray dog	joins the picnic	
snowdrop stems	a little longer today	the warming sun
blowing out	one birthday candle:	the whole family
a long breath	from the shakuhachi?	my hands become a bowl	
dipped oar	phosphorescence	trails the moon
december 19	rows and rows of mailboxes	with their red flags up	
temple looting	another buddha	loses his head	
first year	the shadow of calicantus	on the calendar	
wedding anniversary	does he still love me	like the red winter berries?	
winter night	too many stars	above Gaza	
walking the old paths	i am again	a child!	
the slight hesitation	before our sails fill	summer's end	
beneath the fireworks	endless bullfrogs	
taking time . . .	listening	to the grocery clerk
over the hayfields,	a barn owl floats, searching.	ok, i'll listen too.	
a long moment	before i recognize myself	spring puddle	
a rainy slope	where legions fell . . .	thistles	
city dump	a little boy finds	an old speech bubble	
afternoon shadows	temple stones	stacked and numbered	
Purple loosestrife	pale in the	lingering mist.	
autumn ginko	one by one	into mist	
fresh grave	the bare earth covered	with cut flowers	
bare hills	the horizon looped	between post and wire
Central Park	the echo of her voice	in every direction	
dewpoint . . .	the kleenex flowers wilt	on a parade float	
end of harvest	pulling out the leaves	of the table	
gibbous moon	a paper cut	from	
northern lights	these problems	suddenly small	
tall grass	an old DeSoto	beyond the old Dodge	
second miscarriage	chalk flowers dissolve	in a late spring rain
after the storm	whose life will go on	nobody knows
may birdsong	hidden among	last year's cattails	
morning moon	a peregrine	begins its dive	
back porch campout	the tall trees darker than	the summer sky	
ocean playground	the way memories come and go	with the tide	
shuttle-bus-driver	our daily conversation	about the lottery numbers	
cherry bush	drooping with fruit	sparrows and finches	
my wife	home from the hospital	hibiscus in full bloom	
the drift	of a nearby conversation	autumn leaves	
salmon ladder	the surrounding trees	stuffed with eagles	
sidewalk cafe	on the empty seats	fallen leaves	
midsummer sun	facing the mountain	i?ll never climb	
zen dining hall	hand after hand waving	the fly away
overcast morning	the last of the tomatoes	line the windowsill	
three cardboard pieces	scattered	remains monte	
evening moon??	the last bale of hay	ascends the conveyor	
the old mare's grave	already dug	april rain
a little before dawn	still wind	- Good Friday	
commotion	in the computer's belly -	I'm hungry	
gentle	on my window	summer rain	and his whispers rising	falling, rising...	
that kind of day	the wind at my back	most of the time	
storm clouds??	the cow's belly	rumbles	
sun behind the cloud	a small hot pumpkin	in my palm	
at the goldfish grave	we form a circle	of river stones	
with a big pencil -	the price	strawberries	
hot wind	a pine cone waddles	to the pond
spring morning-	the urge to skip	and the wisdom not to	
lantern moon??	i guide mother's steps	around the duck pond	
the grass is growing	or i am dwindling low	but the world wont stop
the bottom team	en route to the ballfield	lost again
stern wind	the branch an osprey	adds to its nest	
first snow	cascading through cedar	a woodpecker's call	
summer's eve	i turn the glider cushion	to its clean side	
breaking the ice	i tell the cattle	it is almost spring	
trail signs??	pausing	to find myself	
father's day walk	the pace	of the smallest grandchild	
fiddleheads	in the chill breeze	my fingers curl inwards	
desert petroglyph	autumn rain falls	on the sun	
summer night . . .	slowly he disappears	into cicada song	
freeze warning	a couple of homeless guys	feeding seagulls	
holding her close?	the pulse	of cricket song	
purple irises	stand still	rain or shine	
softly raining	this planet has so many	mouths, so many teeth	
Winter solstice	too many things to do	this shortest of days	
time enough to read	this	one second added	
adrift	in an old rowboat	i follow the moon
tranquil afternoon??	nicking moonflower seeds	with a pocketknife	
rainy day -	I finally finished	the Spring Saijiki	
Christmas shopping	I forgot	her present size	
at Hampton Court	the river rises	to medieval levels...	the slow-motion beats	of a swan into flight	
late night on the beach	the only light on	is that of the lighthouse	
autumn gale	the sunflowers turn	their seedy cheeks	
Roman night	stuck in a traffic jam	under the moon	
warm earth	the gardens	it makes	
furrows curving	over the hill	a line of crow-topped trees	
morning sun	the crumbs on the table	have a shadow	
cicadas??	my strength flows	into the day's heat	
rain clouds	basking in the light	of an Ikea lamp	
spring breeze??	i teach my granddaughter	hopscotch	
summer moon?	the sound of eggs	coming to a boil	
autumn crabapples?	a neighbor and i	compare aches and pains	
autumn moon . . .	everything i own	fits in the canoe	
a short summer   night...   but in this solemn   darkness   one peony bloomed
hint of spring	the weeds picked	for my hair	
every now and then	he swats at a fly	midday heat	
canyon winds	pine cones skip	from cliff to cliff	
spring day...	flowers	i've never seen	
wings of grass	what remains	of her snow angel	
fading this	autumn night	the heron's legs	
the gazing space	between us empty	deepening autumn
plum blossoms falling...	her fingers lift	from the braille
an empty field--	a forgotten scarecrow	in late autumn
evening fog	a gift shop has a poster of	the Empire State Building	
wild geese	the border guards	lower their weapons	
spring cleaning . . .	she pauses a while	at the bay windows	
domestic terrorism	winter moths	at the door	
turning north	sand from both oceans	in little jars	
in a semi circle	retired sisters watch	wheel of fortune
glass tabletop	a fingerprint	on a fingerprint	
vapor trail?	between here and there	spider working a web	
the frozen puddle	kids slide over a pattern	of red leaves
deep winter	how often we opened	windows to persimmons	
between doses	of cough medicine	silence	
north wind	a glistening drip of snot	from the rancher's nose
mossy creek bank	the days when i could be	anything	
willow	the limits	of happiness	
rocky shore	waves break	the gannets? huddle	
a ray of sun	invisible	until the goldfinch	
twilight winter	the shadow of the scarecrow	beyond the scope	
old car graveyard	mama moves her kittens	to the back seat	
cockatoo roost	the last light of evening	folded in the hills	
morning sun?	gone from a cabinet	the old bowls	
muggy night	the child's breathing turns	a paper moon	
the trail narrows-	every shadow	a possible bear	
the farmer lady	a few daffodils in a basket	of white radish	
spring rain	the lips and throat	of the iris	
opening slowly	in the warm kitchenthe last	frost-scarred red rose
a turtle tries	the strawberry bed	egg moon	
a crow flies down	to land in the new snow	its voice ringing
the stutter	of the kettle heating up	snow-flecked camellia	
dull blade??	the way it opens up	a peach	
late afternoon –	a wind chime softly sings	in snowy garden	
the thumbprint	of tollund man...	deep winter	
first fine day	a mother and her baby	babble back and forth	
last light	prying a pigeon	from the dog's mouth	
black friday	dip-dyed desperation	gusting down the mall	
finding my way	with every turn	the full moon	
never in darkness	ground zero lights the night	New Year's Eve	
dachau	a blue sky above	the chimneys	
shots of tequila	bat voices	mapping the night	
memorial day	in the moment of silence	a mourning dove	
flowers in autumn:	like a mother too well dressed	for the occasion
aged hands	a caterpillar	on her life line	
haiku can be fun	but it can take much work	like coding java
as she sits at the bar	her jeans slide	a half moon	
my son's twelfth birthday	a rabbit hops	across the busy street	
blizzard	the bars are crowded	but the subway is empty	
Twin Towers-	where once two shadows	now only sun	
afternoon card parties	the rumor mill's	farm system	
new moon	the possum's posthumous	grin	
summer clouds?	a child scatters popcorn	on the fish pond	
subway exit	Corsican polyphony	phone	
antique store-	the ocean loud	in a seashell	
moon shadow	an owl plucks a mouse	from rising water	
autumn evening . . .	adding another star	to the milky way	
lavender farm	we mingle	with bumblebees	
birdfeeder	still full when we return	autumn chill	
fishing	with dad again	the ripples	
spring wind	the sprinter dashes	the other way	
evening fog	the sound of	a sax player	
lost friendship	a stray wisp of fog clings	to the canyon	
a blizzard outside	i want to believe	what the preacher says	
what should have been said??	how the sand pulls	from under my feet	
ancient mountains . . .	runners clearing hurdles	on the practice field
second wedding	the fragrance of petals	torn from the rose	
christmas morning	a yellow ribbon	of sun	
on snow	a small blue garbage bag	color of the sky	
winter zoo	a gorilla turns	its back to the crowd	
slow train journey	a gull's shadow	takes the lead	
first light??	broken blue shells	under the maple	
Memorial Day	old enough to remember	a time between wars	
dark lagoon	a thousand years	of tree frogs	
march winds	a decade has passd	by your grave
deserted porch??	crickets continue	our conversation	
shocking ...   the red of   lacquered fingernails   against   a white chrysanthemum
withered juniper??	mother's hair	since the nursing home	
wild roses	the farm wife shears	a gravid ewe	
first yoga session:	rhythmic	creaking	
my kinfolk	don?t say a lot	hemlocks all around	
a few snow patches?	white steer faces peer	above wildflowers	
weekday morning -	two sugar cubes	in his black coffee	
sundown...	swallowing the oyster	juice and all	
field stones	the broadness	of the farmer's back	
twilight	pools of lupine	in the deep meadow grass	
misty morning	echoes of blue jay cries	through the pines	
death of a friend	loss of her creative soul	inflames, inspires mine	
60 today	the full moon	still rising	
tourists talking	in several languages	the glassblower exhales
summer night	secrets escape through	open windows	
sax night...	dreams in	B flat	
darkness envelops	the enemy is unseen	yet he walks onward
construction site	yellow ribbons	outline the future	
end of season	the horn of the baker	earlier and earlier	
flickering light	on a vase of wildflowers??	sound of the wind	
muddy barnyard	the old farmer waltzing	with a wayward cow	
coming home...	the scent of the ocean	before the sound	
autumn rains	on the way to the old house	new banks	
what thing cries out	deep inside us	cooking the turtle?
hot chocolate	the scent stronger	this cold night	
snuffing out candles	just for the joy of their scent	winter solitude
lying jerk he is,	acts all sweet and innocent,	well what should i do
evening approaches	the wildflowers she picked	somewhere in her book	
Valentine's Day	shaking the snow	from the roses	
falling asleep	the rythmn of her breath	on my forearm
stars	a full pool	in the garden	
pond path	bubble eyes	follow my footsteps	
rain gauge	the pastor talks	about grief
starlit sky	some brighter	than others	
frosty night	the drip of sap	into a bucket	
sweet peas	tremble on the trellis	the bride's i will?	
a brown leaf	dangles among the buds??	the ambulance arrives	
table 4 2	- a romance reduced	to numbers	
ringing phone	the bathroom scale	recenters itself
stormy night	hot jelly roll	from the jukebox	
overcast day	how does it go	that song about love	
hundreds of	gentians blooming	class reunion	
driftwood:	the way an old dog	settles his chin on your knee
robins outside?	the piano tuner	works on middle c	
chained dog	its white breaths lengthening	in the wind	
sweet peas	pulling the color	from the sky	
anonymous signature	old pigeon footprints	the bare cement	
train berth	hot tea from a clay pot	tasting of earth	
smiling plastic bag	failed	to become a cloud	
Back of the garden:	full of beans, zucchini	and a haiku.	
chilled by spring winds	schoolgirls sniffing body spray	behind the gym	
mid October	the sudden thinness	of my robe	
eaves	pulling sound	from the wind
girl in a meadow	the random flight	of a swallowtail	
near evening...	willow shadows return	to the river	
hazy dusk...	no one bothered to plow	the graveyard road
a dry riverbed	cloud shadows moving	down the canyon	
first date	not even noticing	the new moon	
the knife sharpener	on his bicycle??	falling leaves	
Among new lilies	she waters the stone	Buddha	
christmas eve	an old cement foundation	all that's left	
end of vacation	palmetto husk dolls	with slanted smiles	
afternoon swim	in his hair	the scent of fish	
his face	next to mine?	whiskers	
piano lesson...	her braids outdo	the metronome
dockside fight	french fries in a pile	of seagulls	
nurse's station	above the heart monitors	a soap opera
starry starry night??	unfinished art school paintings	in the dumpster	
solstice	a crow settles	on the snowman	
a shooting star??	the short grass	tickles my neck	
one plus one = 3	a happy couple expecting	Their first child	
time on my hands	another birthday	
this winter's day the garbage cans evanesce	
deepening dusk	a fish leaps	between grebes	
fireside	a piece of jigsaw	slips into place	
Thanksgiving rain	the unblinking eyes	of a shelter dog	
summer morning??	the mockingbird sings	a song from my youth	
gnats in a tizzy . . .	older brother	takes the mound	
a white swan   swimming ...   parting with her   unmoved breast   cherry-petaled pond
One week later	fewer roses in	a slenderer vase	
below the rapids	the river	disentangles	
Tax Day	the sun shines	on a house for sale	
a gull slips	on the polished handrail	rolling thunder	
twenty-five small jade	buddhas sit in the window	waiting to be bought
november beach...	the lone surf caster's thrust	and parry
grey spring morning...	just one car in the road	dotted with blossom
light shimmers	on the undersides of leaves	scent of clay	
nutcracker suite??	a star falls from	the ballerina's hair.	
demolished houses?	a cricket's song	somewhere	
no moon, no stars,	just dull light from the city	summer haze	
under the bus shelter	old tepu Avenue	- Rain in May	
white clouds	glide Safely	over mine fields	
mountain overlook	a rush of perfume	from the seniors? tour bus	
short summer	a swim suit	frozen to the porch rail	
street of rain??	the list of errands folded	smaller	
pond pagoda??	the goose twines wild grasses	around herself	
gathering heat??	my throat	no longer firm	
deep woods	an old stone wall	buried in leaves	
death, a mystery	never comes,never wanted	just a a menace
may rain	ever more sparkling	shades of green	
kona wind	an ocean between me	and my worries
bare branch ridged with snow	a chickadee	powders my face	
coastal rain	sweeps the potato field?	the lustre of crows	
autumn wind	my arms around the child	within	
tang?of'salt	the?peaks?of?mountains	with?chinese?names	
lifting fog	a few white feathers	in the raven's breast	
first night out	on their own . . .	my seedlings	
one toheroa	over the limit	low winter moon
rolling in	with the morning fog	seabird on a wave	
spring thaw	the stone buddha	still still
spring morning . . .	balloons cover	the vendor's face	
summer ends-	her pale freckles	in dark tan	
pearl light, on cold shore,	lights up the indigo sand;	i can see my way home.
at dinner	biting into the roast beef . . .	the butcher's thumb nail
grinding sumi ink	rain spatters dust	on the skylight	
migrating geese??	the things we thought we needed	darken the garage	
mud wasp and i	alive together??	outdoor bath	
last night's rain	cupped in a banana leaf	a small green frog	
another spring	his bottle of after shave	still on the shelf
cake crumbs??	the balloons leak	my breath	
north wind	and the swirl of leaves??	this fire within	
freezing fog	a sparrowhawk clings	to the aviary wire	
lavender blooms	next to the violets	in a blue pot	
sunlit poppy . . .	the swirl	of her red skirt
sparrow parents too	bring their children...	zenko temple
the mourning dove's head	turns backward so easily	cool of the evening	
grey dawn	the precise strokes	of a crow's wings	
autumn evening . . .	a page of the old book	separates from the spine
walk like a goddess...	but remember that my foot	cannot see you there.
war memorial	they have stopped	cutting the grass	
day?break?.?.?.	mood?of?the?forest	in?the?long?call?of?a?thrush	
at a general statue	a dog salutes	by raising its leg	
labor day	the plowboy pauses	for a photo	
brushing my hair	one hundred times	cat in love	
out of hospital??	the summer grasses	up to my chin	
second martini—	I like the way she asks me	if I twitter	
candlelight dinner	she fingers the rose	to see if it's real
valentines day	she reminds me	to fasten my seatbelt
halloween	witches on brooms	come up the escalator	
dormant	next to the orange fish -	full moon of November	
Mass over	the rush to be first	out of the lot	
Roman villa	opens its door	over the empty	
autumn equinox	measuring nightfall	pumpkin by pumpkin	
ripples in the tidepool??	a quieter ocean	in my child's shell	
ducks paddling	slowly upriver open drawbridge	
First day of October	the morning sun in my eyes	clank of the furnace	
children playing??	soap bubbles burst	in the fir needles	
open hospice door	a path of moonlight	across the sea	
in the tide mark	a child's blue jacket	gull's cry	
fountain pool	all the circles	where the coins used to be	
end of summer	a flat tire	on the wheelbarrow	
winter sky	we decide to take	the slower road	
full moon	the scent of cocoa butter	on her baby bump	
alone at dusk . . .	ice-blocks resettle	in my glass	
Sunset	They get up table	To watch	
my friend's wake . . .	a bookshelf labeled	"to be read"	
crows swagger	down the middle of the road	summer's end	
graduation day	cool breeze stirring	gowns and leaves	
sudden winter	the press of cold metal	against the paper gown	
between morning chores	I open the door-	lilacs in the rain	
late summer eve	white coals on the lid	of a dutch oven
Wall Street watch	the unnerving plunge	of her neckline	
cloudcast afternoon?	corn popping	on the stove	
afternoon sun	the wake of a mallard	flickers on the birch	
July sunset	after a hot day	the watermelon tastes cool	
funeral?drinks	my?cousin?and?i	exchange?promises	
valentines -	the mailman's steps	break the ice	
red tasks first	on the hillside	sun on my cheek	
Autumn sky	shades of pink and purple	field of pumkins	
forklift	a bin of oranges	catching sunlight
harvest home	a red nasturtium	heads for the stars	
carrying on	as if nothing had happened	dogwood in bloom	
inspecting rose leaves	for aphids in the way	i now read	
nobody's here -	only a cricket guards	the alpine hut	
meadow pond	our blades slice figures	on the moon
first light	the perfect symmetry	of a moth	
gathering winter violets	a helicopter shadow	stops my hands	
back and forth	slowly grinding ink	the weight of my words	
wordless	in my borrowed tongue	plum blossoms	
bull through binoculars:	blurred fence	focused eye	
summer night	the soft bottom	of a farm pond	
i hear the songbird	it is calling to me, but	i am deaf to it.
first buds of spring	i change the washer's setting	to delicate
jasmine tendrils??	waiting	for my daughter's call	
sunday eve	the blues moan softly	across the pond	
early to the station	ducks fly overhead	in pairs	
don't move . . .	the harvest moon is balanced	on the pine	
two-hour meeting	shadows creep	across the table	
moving day	in the shade of new leaves	the old things
Labor Day	a fly buzzing around	the leftovers	
beachcombing . . .	a wave picks up and drops	the sun's reflection	
a line of traffic lights	change from red to green	summer full moon	
hunter's cabin:	of the woods	not of it
descending   seaward   far-off mountain   waterfall...   winter nights are still
easter morning	a rapture of hawks squalls	beyond the scud	
floating clouds??	fragments of a conversation	across the lake	
the tang of hot tar	carried on a breeze	summer's end	
last of the sun??	the letter of apology	half written	
plum blossoms	i make plans	for my ashes
a bat	slips into a crack	orion rising	
moon at our window	the evening still bright enough	to sew that button
thunder??	the plover lower	on her eggs	
navajo moon	the coyote call	not a coyote
tiredness	a floating feather settles	on the concrete
new moon	the mouse in the ceiling	awakens	
spring breeze	between pages of an old book	a crushed rose	
trapped	in the revolving door	autumn leaves	
calving glacier	a mother whispers	to her child	
sunny spring day	walking through a cloud	of perfume	
hard rain	the sizzle of summer peppers	in the skillet	
New London winter	the gleam of pleasure boats	wrapped in plastic	
deep into the night	a dog's sharp bark	Becomes gunfire	
steps fade . . .	her scent lingers	among thorns	
lunch date	carbonation keeps lifting	his straw
summer's end	last of the blackberries	behind a web	
stacking stones	for a garden wall	the weight of their age	
flea market	a woman's panties	pre-release	
during the vigil	a withered flower	on the tiled floor	
dogwoods	the stench of	baby questions	
gray summer sky	seed-beads sparkle	on a blue silk thread	
commencement day?	wind not strong enough	to flutter the flag	
lakeside	the irises find their color	at dusk
a snake curls around	the sound of its hiss	high mountain meadow
on the deck	abandoned dog biscuits -	and a marble	
glowing coals	buried in the ashes??	peepers at dawn	
cottonmouths	in the swamp ...	a house on stilts
early snow	outside the window??	pomegranates	
august morning	a window washer wiping dust	from his sunglasses
in the middle	of making love	counting syllables
first light	the beachcomber	begins his rounds	
sudden rain	a flock of sanderling	rise at the breaking wave
harsh snow ::	a corpse	at the dam	
fragile truce??	beet seedlings	in a crooked row	
new home??	orienting myself	to the sun	
without you beside me	all i have is my fear	that you won't return
swallowtail	maybe i?ll	say yes	
lunch with my ex . . .	a kingfisher preens	in the bare orchid tree	
approaching storm	a peacock's cry above	the wind	
caught in a lie??	icicles shatter	on the stones	
anniversary	an old dress on the line	fills with wind	
thick rain drops splash down...	students scurry with their stuff	as august closes.
stone staircase	on the steps footprints	of men and Rain	
first day of the year	between cheese and coffee	change the world	
bend in the river	swans introduce their young	to the flock	
evening fog	only the sound of high heels	registers	
moon day...	a paper lantern floating	down river	
jasmine in bloom??	termites swarm	from their nest	
a monitor	measures my heartbeat	the sound of rain	
warm hand held tightly	dream of a maple seedling	ready for planting	
march warmth	the taste of curry	on his lips	
from out of hendersons haiku,	my old wifes photograph:	cells doors automatically locking.
fresh bloom	of lilac	my steps slow
winter ennui...	coming down with a slight	touch of clouds	
night rain	a bat wings its way to	tomorrow	
bitter quarrel	the lingering taste	of too many aspirin	
mountain rose	from thorn to thorn	a spiders line
his side of it.	her side of it.	winter silence
country fair	cornsilk at the feet	of the hucksters
a second plowing??	the black mud	lit up by egrets	
soles tender	against the gravel??	starry night	
faltering resolutions the roof gutters still full of last year's leaves	
thanksgiving pie	the first long curl falls	from grandma's apple peeler	
full moon -	the bride tells me	it was forced	
crowded subway	he gives his girl friend	a long kiss	
walking in flip-flops	on top of the leaves	indian summer	
early dusk?	an obituary taped	in a used book	
all souls? day	zombies return	to the costume shop	
work day's end	the chimney smoke curls	between raindrops	
vow of obedience	high curved herbs	in the harmattan	
basswood stump	what i would say	if asked	
winter clouds -	my gray hair	grayer	
roots down deep . . .	mud paddies bake	in the midday sun	
desert heat-	smilies along the narrow road	to the deep north	
first snowfall	the dog's legs	have become shorter	
laundry encounter	a plastic shark	falls out of a bath towel	
dog barks	somebody starts their car	summer's morning light	
may sun	the door opens	before i knock	
shrove tuesday	i confide my sins	to a white butterfly	
frost-sparkled paddock	he digs the grave	a little deeper	
early autumn	the sound of falling water	is cold	
one maple leaf . . .	end over end on the sand	without a trace	
chrysanthamums	the homeless girl pulls	her baby closer	
twilight . . .	the brush of dune grass	across bare shins	
sleet storm	the bare tree branches glisten	with grackles	
summer begins . . .	the underground sprinkler head	raises a rock	
hung in a cobweb	between gorse flowers	christmas rain	
on her shoulders	the family rests?	the scarecrow's crows	
daytime fit of rage	in a flat failing moment:	cubicle tantrum.
dawn	another parting	with the moon
break up	i leave behind	her butterfly net
singing gondolier	the passengers?	fixed smiles	
cyber problem	i borrow my neighbour's	9-year-old
half-inch piece of chalk	sitting unused in the tray	never used again
small-talk	a flock of starlings	settles on the fence	
winter rain . . .	who am i	to the cat?	
the recession	my neighbor puts	another lock on his door	
twin towers...	and yet the morning glory	blooms
new moon	lamplight fills the holes	in a shot-out sign	
spring haze	a sparrow finishes	the redpoll's song	
each car	the fox's tail	heaves	
after the storm,	an egret fording	darkness	
heaviness July	a homeless fans	with cardboard	
my mouth	full of fingers, the dentist	asks about holidays	
hospital window??	a fingerprint against	the summer sky	
delicate, lacy	butterfly gently touches	silently away
rainy darkness	in the cobbled street	the blind beggar	
autumn rose	even as i sketch the wind	more petals fall
narrow path	bees swarm between us	and the sea	
jumping rope	the little girl and her shadow	touch touch touch touch touch	
persimmon fabric	folded in tissue paper	mother's kimono
hiking trail	a path of sky through	the bug-eaten leaf	
what passion	you had, akiko	where can i put	even an inch	of tonight's anguish!
nap -	my hand on my breast	the flight of clouds	
late summer rain	two kids break the bottles	under the bridge	
monday morning -	a white butterfly follows	the train line	
city dawn?	window washers	rise on their scaffold	
ocean	filling	in	the	blanks	
first roses	just enough heat to	settle the mosquitoes	
faintly purple	Against the moon -	pines in the light	
twilight glow	a raft of pond geese	drifts in silence	
fog and rain	I pass a closed	nudists club	
spring fever	a new notch	on the tomcat's ear	
a dew drop	full	of autumn light	
first day of spring	children risk marbles	on the playground	
wildflowers	i cannot name	most of me	
autumn ocean	the wind	in a wave	
typhoon passed	comes the	local circus	
full moon -	missing two evenings	to its roundness	
morning sunshine . . .	from a broken-down house	a burst of laughter	
blackbirds in the cattails	i stand quietly	with the mallards
apple core	how to bottle	memories	
church nave	the solemnity of	hand-hewn beams	
solstice moon	the sound of the mousetrap	snapping shut
always making	something out of nothing	the brilliance of crows	
mid-winter thaw	an unscratched	lottery ticket	
stuck in traffic	dreaming of the monsoon	in a far-away land	
midnight -	my earphones	keep out the silence	
the silence	around our words...	fireflies	
first light??	not enough words	for green	
spring dawn	pine needles dripping	the night away
shade tree	spreading my jacket	between bare roots	
train window	the landscape coming	to a stop	
morning blue sky	a bakery runs out	of croissants	
red light	the bus driver reads	his horoscope	
fireflies . . .	the dreams i had	as a child	
and yet	perishable is flesh	a mountain plum
paper tired -	your cool hands on my hips	- Four bedroom	
the noir	of a beetle's carapace	passing rain	
deep woods	a sapling with one leaf	changes color	
Valentine's Day	a red rose	stuck in the snow	
camellia-petal   fell in silent dawn ...   spilling   a water-jewel
sound of a car	hitting the manhole??	all-day drizzle	
winter afternoon:	finding the needle	with my finger	
muffled sounds	seconds wings	throttle	
north dakota border	slosh	of the greyhound toilet	
river bend	the slow move	of an eddy	
mother's day	something sexy	for his wife	
finally, good news??	the reflection of my face	inside a tea bubble	
He looks at her	underlying chill in the air	smell of rain	
a snow goose	cups its wings to land??	curve of the shore	
juggling five white balls . . .	a cabbage butterfly	joins in	
not a laughing mouth,	a bent bow, or an eyelash,	the slender new moon	
the wind doesn't stop,	cold is the little turtle:	he has no blanket
sifting shadows	with remnants	of rain	
a Spring cloudless sunset	the barmaid buttons up	her blouse	
a recurring escape from my fathers dream
dreary day??	my neighbor takes down	the hummingbird feeder	
clear night	a fireworks flower	opens against the full moon	
snowbound...	the stained glass robin's	song
apple blossoms	my breathing	has been shallow	
old orchard beach	before i could think it	cassiopeia	
a cut glass bowl	holds the shells of our summers	this life in exile	
one month	after her death	he still smokes outside
wind in the trees	my dreams also fly	over the hill	
summer solstice?	a school of minnows suspended	in the stream	
whiter still	on the moonlit windowsill?	easter lily	
downpour over paris	everywhere	french puddles
mice	beneath the floorboards...	all her small noises
left out overnight	the child's cup filled up	with snow
on the front lawn	trying to fly his kite -	the wind won't	
small town	hospital . . .	sound of the typewriter	
like a waterfall,	the yang breath just pushes on...	even in autumn!
butterfly's first flight :	sparrow's breakfast	
from my dreams	in the middle of the night	come rumors	
from one skyscraper	to the next	emerging moon	
a crystal clear night-	the pearl-diver in the depth	by the naked moon
sun along the shore	even the grey cockle shells	surprise me	
arctic air	soothes the desert heat...	blended whiskey	
spring sun?	in the shadow of a bucket	a black button	
night music	fireworks mingle	with the stars	
summer passing	the yard flamingos	rusty legs
heat of the night	the folded stillness	of a rescued moth	
winter sky?	looking in	my empty wallet again	
gas station	a GM car	needs a push	
first warm day	we check the mountainside	for wild goats	
scent of balsam??	shapes of geese	held in the mist	
word of a death	the clarity	of winter sunlight	
rabbit in the moon	each dog has the last bark	till the next	
dawn?	a sudden beating of wings	against my window	
spring rain	the crumpled obituary	by my bed	
empty jam jar	the tadpoles	in the u-bend
geese honking...	i left home	to find home	
burial prayers	grandson playing hide and seek	behind the stones
illuminating	motel wallpaper	headlamps	
frozen in mud	by the vacant shanty:	lottery ticket
winter shadows	adding water to the last	of the soup	
hooded merganser	i hold my breath	between?each?dive	
easter sunset	a red-tinged cross	of contrails	
more war dead??	an uprooted tree	rides the storm tide	
buffalo, denver	and yet we're the same people	life goes on i guess
from a mirror	pale blue eyes stare knowingly	the snow will deepen	
it happened	just after the full moon	snow	
winter morning??	dad's butter in a cup	atop the toaster	
a foot of snow??	the cat out loving and	where is the garden buddha?	
cicada husk	on the campus sidewalk??	sound of the fountain	
autumn woods	a patch of low sunlight	just out of reach
after the rain	the field's clean shine:	watermelons	
passing in Caroline Street	with my four artichokes	- Runny nose	
family home	the grain of the wood	enters his hands	
full moon	i iron a wrinkle	into his pants
sound	over white waves	swan	
giving sound	to my creaky steps	old plank	
night on the town	the scent of mackerel	on the fog	
day moon	her skin a half	shade lighter	
summer evening	fanning myself	with a paper moon
poetry books	banished to the bathroom -	spring cleaning	
oak tree bare roots up	lies broken across my path	rotting back to earth
headstones	narrow to each other	autumn wind	
wall-to-wall clouds	and the hum of flies	summer dust	
twilight	she tells me she has	a spare toothbrush	
fresh palette	a fisherman whets	his blade	
winter landscape	one more raven flaps out	of her paintbrush	
walking home	after the rainbow	a crescent moon	
a rain storm ends	the graffiti looks	dirtier than before	
snowflake	without a word, the woman	gagged	
standing naked	in the moonlight??	the taste of a nashi pear	
among the splashes	a toy bucket of ocean	dumped back in
labor day	another company cuts	health benefits	
snowbound?	the orange tip	of a traffic cone	
street light sway	dreams of her linger	with the storm	
on the beach,	the tracks of two	lounge chairs	
summer stars	we pick out	our house	
kitchen encounter	tasting the wine	from his lips	
Sunday drive	all the rain clouds	toward home	
designing ripples	in the sunlit fountain	april wind	
commute??	carpooling with	the same fly	
thunder clouds?	landing with the first raindrops	dark-eyed junco	
high forest ridge	far from the sea??	a stone clam	
fall migration??	the park duck waddles	back to the pond	
two swans	the progress	of twilight	along the river	
water buffaloes . . .	shoreline shadows pleat	the monsoon lake	
harvest moon	in the heartland her laughter	still fills the kitchen	
stars at dusk	a spray of willow buds	by the gate	
cloudy summer day	the bees are buzzing loudly	a hammock beckons
melon blossoms	a yellow-powdered bee	wipes its face	
warm breeze??	new ivy leaves finding	their place in the sun	
droplets cling to glass	as if suspended in air.	spring pitter-patter.
hissing line to china ...	your reply's	delay	
masons at work	creeping along the stone wall	afternoon fog	
brewing storm...	how the clouds stir	in my coffee	
evening cool?	a blue balloon	rises out of sight	
spring wind	even the skunk	smells fine	
kirinoyoni amaikaorino shirokiume	
a friend has died . . .	migrating geese . . .	still migrating	
high noon	a cat stares down	the chipmunk's hole	
morning twilight	... the rice field	in her eyes	
Presidents' weekend	all that dirty laundry	sorted by mothers	
crickets droning	the tennis ball covered	with slobber	
summer evening-	at the window some butterflies	criss-crossing the moon
my wheels stuck in mud	to break free impossible	please, someone help me.
from the balcony above	a hand outstretched	. . . rain	
deep night	one cricket chirps	anyhow	
foot of the mountain	holding the stone	holding its story	
wild horses...	shadows of wind	in the floating dust	
sun behind the hills	a long cast	into stillness	
spring morning	a chained dog	settles in the dust	
one year gone?	crushed rose petals on the soles	of his garden boots	
the sound of rakes	in a neighbor's yard?	fingernail moon	
grandson's visit	we compare notes	on his parents	
courtyard of my childhood	after so many dead people	the old lilac in bloom	
still-life lilies	residents sitting	in the nursing-home lounge	
temple at night	the flickering shadows	of gods and goddesses	
weeding the garden?	at what age did i learn	to?walk?between?the?rows?	
fern glen?	we find the creek	by its song	
new highway -	every mile or so	the corpse of a buzzard	
dappled moonlight	fawns all but disappear	beneath the cedar	
snowflakes...	all the little	self-indulgences
Summer strawberries	they always remind me	of soul kissing	
nudist camp	where to begin	with the sunblock
drifting	with the snow	a plastic bag	
an owl hoots	deep in the hollow coolness along the stream	
sodium light -	a darker world beneath	the puddles	
crickets' songs	in the pitch-dark night	how many secrets	
dark blues the empty halves	of a sea shell	
grandma's birthday	snowflakes fill the letters	carved into the stone	
clear night??	snow shifts	on the windowpane	
freeze warning	the need to pee	once we hit traffic	
cold in August	a pigeon retracts	its neck	
night thawing -	the Snowman	left without his pipe	
Christmas Day nears	the shopping bags	get smaller	
February sun -	a street light still on	in the daytime	
bare trees	a request for an update	of my bio	
above the cries of	"hey, batter, batter"	a meadowlark	
billowing curtains??	an unexpected memory	of grandma's parakeet	
pachelbel's canon	the harpist plucks	something in me
temple gate	looking for the priest	in winter mist
night rain	the fainter sound	of the ocean	
a leaf falls	from the greenhouse ficus	clap of thunder	
stillness	of the lava bed	a hawk's shadow	
lunch break	a blue dragonfly lights	on the sawhorse	
ah! brave dragon-fly   ...   taking for your perch   this swatter   consecrate to death
i gave the   greetings   of the bright   new year ... as though   i held a plum-branch
never more open??	the precision	of a water lily	
after the guests leave	the lilies	open	
after the demo	she draws the map	His vegetable garden	
sculpture garden	a spider web deep	in cleavage
man who looks into life	too much	overlooks it
asking their road...   seven yellow   bamboo hats   all turned together
summer rain	the back yard hole filled	with tricycles	
autumn sky	the paint worn thin	around the birdhouse door	
shade of cherry -	slamming nuclei	under mower	
gnats, gnats, gnats	my bobber	disappearing	
snow squeak	the longest branch bounces	with sparrows	
beyond the lights	of the amusement park	rhythm of the sea	
country kitchen	stray strands of cornsilk	glisten in the sun	
the best conversations	are in my head??	rain on the windowpane	
the sudden chill	a fresh layer of ice	on the fire escape	
solar eclipse-	a gaping crowd of people	all watching the sky
a swallowtail	settles	on the prize-winning quilt
vernal pool	the hardy lily cradles	a young sun
admires the new handbag	on the window sill	then rangitoto's fuji	
rain all day??	behind the bead curtain	her smile	
roadkill pheasant	all the blustery colours	of autumn	
prison cell	visiting briefly	the easter moon
kite shop??	a red dragonfly	flits in and out	
muddy pond	i play the role of a ghost	to fish	
a gull drops a crab and	the heat	
first frost	instead of silk	flannel	
billowing snow:	the lamb quiet	beneath my coat
autumn equinox	fox's eyes shining	in the twilight	
car horns	thistledown floats	through traffic	
autumn chill -	struggling to remember	my father's voice	
winter sun??	trying to believe	in my beliefs	
despite	my forgetfulness . . .	pink geraniums	
nippie hailstanes -	the bass player's	blae fingers	
first thunderclap	our neighbor stops	hammering	
black cat tries to	open a garbage bag	moonless night	
heat wave	mouse circling the bottom	of the rain barrel
dense smoke	the steep mountain road	curving sharply	
Celebration of Kings	the pine trees	homeless	
overcast morning . . .	a yellow warbler	tests each branch	
cool dusk	the tide finds	the sandcastle	
it lifts its head	the woolly bear caterpillar	in autumn wind	
first snow	the asylum seeker	thoughts on the land	
the long eyelashes	of the easter pig??	nightfall	
pool drain	the frogs	i couldn?t save	
starlit sky??	i touch a turtle	before it enters the sea	
after the sunset,	the field filled up to sky...	chockfull of crickets
high noon	straight-up trunks of poplars shadowless	a foreshadowing ... soon, soon?	nearby, a bell tolls changes
autumn twilight	my breath in and out	with the waves	
alphabet soup	i practice cradling love	in a stainless spoon
sunrise	a yogi does	the Cobra	
his sister's funeral	trimming his hair	before he goes
the jockey's silks	the yellow of a swallowtail?	i place my bet	
family reunion	fragments of old photo albums	on the porch floor	
white plum blossoms?	mother-of-pearl on the korean chest	gathers the dawn	
childhood home	i dig out the roots	of a tree i planted	
autumn woods	my son and i	not just dna	
faded sale sign?	a sailboat heeled over	in the tall weeds	
sun's embers...	the rust-fangled workings	of the old mine	
tent revival?	between parables	locusts	
new moon . . .	footprints circling	the winter apple	
glassy pond	the rattling blue dive	of a kingfisher	
thanksgiving	we have the wind chill	to talk about	
standing in the brook??	painted toenails	lure a turtle	
lonely umbrella   passing the house   at twilight...   first snow falling soft
pear blossoms	on the windshield	we wave goodbye	
fall leaves the trees the winter sky
men's retreat	toilet seats left	down
meandering stream	clydesdales rest their heads	on each other's rumps	
grass gone to seed	tiny brown moths flicker	about my ankles	
falling mist	touching the spaces	between falling leaves	
rumble of thunder	a street juggler	lights his torches	
ripening plums	the patience i never quite	got the hang of	
all hallow's eve	the summer people's porch light	on all day	
bent leafy arrow	of ilkley bracken fallen	among picnickers
pear blossom	where the old white horse	used to stand	
light rain -	water workers	dig a hole in the road	
fern	uncurling	the faintest breeze	
year's?end	the'spot?i?revisited	within?me	
amber light	the time it takes	a leaf to fall	
a better day	the sink ant granted	a reprieve	
wind-blown sky	a dragonfly's grip	on the clothes line	
Judas trees in flower-	mist and fog	the papacy	
late August garbage bags	a jasmine tree	near by	
a teacup	held with both hands	october gale	
cold rain	lavender neon surrounds	a sex shop window	
May dawn	it's the same fog as	yesterday's dusk	
bring 'n buy	my wife swaps	life stories
winter rain??	a long trail of ants	to the honey jar	
shore for the poet,	shore for the poet's work,	water lily fragrance	
gust of wind	clipped on the wall	by a brush	
wading egret	i try to walk	a little slower	
the old broom	sweeps away	bits of itself	
stripping off	her sweatshirt	sparks in the dark	
earth day	only a cherry petal	in the donation jar	
last mowing -	the bag of weed escapes	the evening mist	
amorous cat,   alas   you too must yowl   with your love...   or even worse, without!
shades of blue...	the deer's remaining eye	cradled by bone
veterans day??	first red flower	on the cactus	
breezy afternoon	running my hands	across the cool sheets	
my baby's sigh	the last colors	of sunset	
almost spring	the way she says	edamame	
buzzing neon?	the way he talks	about new york	
the moons apostrophe	everything i know	learned from books
autumn mist	in the beggar's hand??	his empty stare	
rusted plow a few husks of cotton	left in the field	
wet wooly mittens	drying by the hearth side	the smell of wet sheep	
Shadows of entants	a fire to another-	starry sky	
down the street	and back again	october wind	
gathering storm clouds	blanket the grey horizon	now walk into them
frozen sky??	the star over home	bigger than the others	
hurricane	the taste of rain	from a barrel
a rose hip	bright in the snow	pearl harbor day	
Spring dark clouds	my barber asks	if I want all the grey out	
oxbow channel -	the sudden race	a moorhen	
wiping the full moon	from a wet glossy table	with my bare hand	
harvest moon	the long pull	of faraway children	
migrating geese	once there was so much	to say
the air shimmers.	whitish flight	of an unknown insect.
slowly she brushes	her long black hair . . .	snow still falling	
unison shifting	of graduation tassels?	the expanse of sky	
door slammed?	her perfume lingers	in the frosty air	
raising his eyes	over my page -	blurred moon	
midnight jazz	rain streaming down	the verdigris chain	
open-air t'ai chi	the occasional clearing	of a raven's throat
spring cleaning	a family of raccoons	empties the goldfish pond	
the river bubbles	between stepping-stones	an upturned duck	
after the burial	my eyes on the shadows	of everything	
snow day	more white than I remember	in my beard	
the rain	almost a friend	this funeral	
twilight deepens??	the wordless things	i know	
stilled by the stream -	delicate frost flowers	crunch under work boots	
sunset	i absorb the stillness	in the trees	
day retreats -	a moth tangle	in my hair	
rainy night	her phone number	in my wallet	
a cool mist rises	from?the?old?horse's?back?	the last tourist leaves	
crossroads	the wind takes my hair	the other way
Lime Water	memories to be smaller	and the greatest summers	
evening shadows	white egrets fold	into their tree	
prairie darkness	our motorcycle following	the north star	
cabin fever	a wandering mastiff	smells each tulip	
morning sun	rangitoto looms	alive at last
long afternoon . . .	here and there	a butterfly's shadow	
getting to know the pine . . .	clotted resin	on the seat of my pants	
late again-	the lights change	in the evening puddle	
up the path	to touch that one oak	in last night's dream
evening tram	her diamond on her nose	a star	
reflected	in the muddy puddle?	plum blossoms	
"just married"	the attendant	pumping too much gas
morning haze...	a post office clerk	opening letters	
january rain?	catching a glimpse of my son	as i pass the school	
a white feather	without a bird	flies by	
snow falling??	the same sound	in all her shells	
broken easel	the front yard blue	with wildflowers
late walk	beach and moon	the same curve
all but two	close their eyes?	evening prayer	
On a grey day	a spot of colour	his red hair	
First mandarin	sweet and sour taste	scent of Christmas	
tangled roots	at the high tide line	a white feather	
foghorns . . .	i?d forgotten how close	we live to the river	
autumn?heat	the?calf?roper?knocks	dust?from?his?lasso	
baptism song	a turtle slips	into the river	
on the brickwork graffiti, and marks that say ivy was here	
battered child	. . . kicking the swing	higher
first cool night . . .	i dream of knitting	firefly sweaters	
she is gone . . .	the soft call	of a mourning dove	
funeral	we pray a split second	after the priest
in the grey of relentless rain	his shaved cranium and huge red headphones	
bottle of purell	brings memories of summer...	chilly air tonight.
inexplicable:	all the sensory data	of a brief lifetime.
sultry night	the breeze from a fan	stirs up the gossip	
river rock??	the folded wings	of a damselfly	
she wears a purple blouse	at sunset	I order espresso	
13th birthday . . .	wild rose buds	angled out	
high desert	i'm surrounded	by a fly	
sunlit creek	my discarded walking stick	passes me	
white ice on the willows	my hand slipping	into yours
river crossing in autumn	how the rocks now	stand out
blue hour	a door opens	to my past	
frozen moon	a red pagoda	in the fishbowl world	
evening stillness	a bonfire log slips	into its own ash	
layers of mountains??	echoing boom of the blue	grouse	
thunder	slate sky	crocus peeking	
giorni più brevi	nella cesta dei cachi	un grillo morto	
empty platform??	my shadow grows longer	waiting for you	
magnolia buds??	my one-armed neighbor	plants a tree	
in the empty schoolyard	only plastic bags	are going the rounds	
sudden hope	as i leave the house??	magnolia	
rainy day	a trail of bright leaves	through the school foyer	
within the mud	and muck of winter	eagle song	
drawing a heart	the wet sand	between my fingers	
first frost	I trim	my graying beard	
first date	the little pile	of anchovies
tipping rain	the bull trudges	between tussocks	
cold moon	the glitter of city lights	in the river	
blinding ice	my saw releases	the scent of pine	
day is done	poppies amidst the dying grass	
cloud stain	on the mountain	last year's snow	
no season word,	yet autumn pervades	her suicide note	
Midnight and full moon	my neighbour asks to borrow	the vacum cleaner	
icy morning	the twists and turns	of a child-proof cap	
crochet hook	pulling the yarn through	deep november	
spring afternoon??	even the river stones	turning green	
the search	for pop bottles	a long afternoon	
brenzo is a bum	she smells like an old cheesepuff	no-one likes bronwyn
new litter of kittens??	the missing rung	on the hayloft ladder	
the foul ball lands	in an empty seat	summer's end
midday sun	my shadow	to the ocean floor	
easter fog lifting	a blowfly rises	from roadkill	
before dinner...	the spider and a fly	share the sunset	
mountain stream	two stone bridges	joined by mist	
six o?clock news	i magnify the world	of a praying mantis	
low tide	the metal detector	misses sunset	
thinking	the unthinkable??	old cat	
winter break	my grandson's	short sentences	
pearl harbor day	the back yard fence steams	in the morning sun	
butterfly?	i remember	nothing	
boatside ripples	in the summer sunset	minnows rising	
all under his feet	a sheet chiffonnade	the smell of life	
humid morning...	planting rice in a	field of mirrors	
storm clouds	water darkens	around the tea bag	
cold morning	far from coming clouds	and our mouths	
last light	a hot air balloon	dips into the canyon	
hawks circle	the sound of a tedder	turning hay	
hawthorn?	a neighbor names	the tree by my door	
sunrise?	the goldfinch continues	its song	
midnight -	before the 12th shot	... Flush	
after lovemaking	the clouds pull slowly	apart
imagining	i?ve learned to dance??	first quince blossoms	
sun-soaked sky . . .	seeking out the wisdom	of beach glass	
first light??	the soft-sleep breath	of my newborn child	
the rip	of a sheet of paper	deep autumn	
dear c.,?i think i	needed your strength???to get here	sorry i can't stay	
my death poem	rejected	i carry on
a conference badge	on the bomb-sniffing dog	another september	
growing darkness	gleam of setting sun	on Chinese Lantern	
light snow -	the hammer of a woodpecker	in the silence	
hi wo abete	tsuyu konu uchini	akaki yuri	
graveside	my father and i	find common ground	
bright morning	the smell of geraniums	on my fingers	
deep winter??	a seal skin tacked	to my neighbor's door	
god of abraham	...walking rain	into the sunflowers	
sunny rain??	colour of finches	matching the leaves	
inside the bud	all the reasons	to believe	
autumn evening	the spider as dormant	on the Web	
morning snow	I tell my barber do something	about my gray hairs	
morning light	each cattle egret	selects its cow	
year end	a boat accompanies	the river to the sea
hot city night	the sizzle	of a broken sub-woofer	
short night	an egret standing	knee deep in mud	
a migrant worker	in the 'native plants' median	midday heat	
closing day	vine tomatoes	warm my hands
cumulonimbus	barn swallows	skitter through the sailboats
looking at nature,	seeing struggle and splendour	a nw thought was caught.
women's refuge??	new light finds the blue	in painted glass	
ancient cedars	the dog bends her head	and sniffs	
the farmer's spit	catches on a thistle still no rain	
what day is this?	the metronome gathers dust	in the corner	
earth, wind, water, fire	these can all be a desire	only one can win.
morning sun	the first	red maple
indian summer	my bookmark	a yellow leaf	
she closes her	bathroom curtains	a setting full moon	
romanian village	when the dog has passed	the rooster crows	
the snow outside	in the house books	- all the Colours	
traveling home now	through the gray-backed wash of day,	rain on the highway.
dumpster	the iridescence	of starlings	
first crush . . .	apple branches	nearly touching	
distant haze??	a cuttlebone lifted	from the tide	
a break in the clouds	my third cup of coffee	grows cold	
owing money	my hands smell	of old pennies	
snowflakes	no one will miss	melt in her hand
cloudy day	a penny shines	on the sidewalk	
bitter dawn	stray cat licks the frost	off fallen leaves
crescent moon	I follow the trail of	a dragged Christmas tree	
october wind	the baby drops the leaf	again	
the old woman	looking into the stars	sky all snowy
morning fog	a few poppies	burn through	
poised for prayer??	the bonsai pine	in its tiny pot	
eventide: salmon nets	strung across an estuary, the bent backs	of fishermen
that dull gleam	through the hazy park??	a playhouse window	
spring birdsong	a common cuckoo	barges in
giant moon.	all neighborhoods share	the same yard light	
storm	the monologue	of every tree	
Cracks on a sidewalk	Lost Among the grass and weeds	urban spring	
silted river	an old doe turns	to face the flow	
storm lull	freshly crumpled paper	creaks twice	
all that is left	of the mist	memorial stones	
late night	multiply the two mirrors	glasses and looks	
an early chill??	the toolshed door	pounds on its latch	
blue sky	dew drops on the cover	of the garbage can	
climbing through	a haze of mayflies	summer moon	
lighted window	the cat peeps in	through frost patterns	
autumn trail	the smell of something wild	lingers	
behind grillwork	down darkness to sun	in a hidden courtyard
the nail sinking in??	my father's hammer	in my hand	
a jar of pennies	on the lemonade stand	evening cool
mother-in-law's face	on the biggest pumpkin	harvest moon	
nature preserve?	encircling its marker	an endangered plant	
our boat drifts	under the bridge	nesting cormorants	
lent is over	a bartender flips	the coaster	
energy crisis	long line	at the coffee shop	
steamed milk	snowmelt running from	the coffee shop roof	
summer rain -	lightning whites out	the street lights	
last day of term	my daughter breaks	the uniform code	
night storm 	a deeper dark unrolls	across the prairie
kitchen window	sunlight pools in	last night's dishes
dusk in the city	the parking attendant sings	with pavarotti	
final approach -	she pencils in	her eyebrows	
raindrops?	a stink bug swings	on the half-ripe berry	
spring pedaling	on the marine road	through the islands
midsummer heat??	prayer flags fade	on temple trees	
blue violets	the girl with down's syndrome	makes up a poem	
dark lamp shade	squinting her eyes in low light	to read your letter	
tartan umbrella	my own bright roof	in the alleyway	
In the trash,	a copy of the World	still fresh	
porn shop-	the graying clerk reads	Hegel	
bright sun?	the redness of the fox	against the snow	
meltwater a trout leaps	the falls	
spring breeze . . .	one raindrop nudged	into another	
october snow clouds . . .	the wasp nest's outer coverings	flap in the wind	
cloud shadow	the volcano	changes shape	
churchyard manger	knots in the plywood backs	of the wise men	
storage closet	the dead spider	as fine as its web	
night of stars	the rhythm of my boat	across the swells	
crab spider	a frost moon dangles	out of reach	
white cat	moving her black kitten	moonlit snow	
the faded blue	of a lifeguard station??	empty shells in my pocket	
low tide	barnacles armored	against the air	
soccer championship	the winter moon	on the stadium	
she cries silently	her sobs barely audible	and no one to hear	
soft rain	an earthworm	stretches its pink	
a handful of coins	tossed for love; magic shifts	in the river depths	where a shaft of sunlight finds	the diving goldeneye	
a pause in the rain?	the old man goes out	to check the mailbox	
among the headstones	one small pine	bends with the wind
childhood garden??	scent of the magnolia	that once stood here	
indian summer	a fish slips through	the gill net
hospital vigil	the imperceptible shift	of clouds	
carrying a pencil	into the zendo	no point to it
fossil forest	your cheek against mine	for a photo	
skiers!	standing	on the wind
river washed stones	remembering a woman	who knew how to love	
old schoolyard	dark ivy hides	the fuck's	
this cold night . . .	a child's hunger embedded	in pixels	
starting school tomorrow??	he talks to trees	at the woods? edge	
Fragonard street	the white canvas	a sheet drying	
her gentle passing . . .	a robin flock settles	on the front porch	
faultline	wild eyes of the horses	as we cross	
downpour	a whelk's foot stretches	toward the waves	
on the ride home	river ice breaking	our silence	
a lost ball	among fallen leaves	his grave	
prairie flowers	gone to seed????the dry flick	of grasshoppers	
The rushing river	full of the Summer's	rainfall	
monsoon	grackle stepping	through raindrops	
rain shower	from the gutters:	crickets	
manhattan skyline	my son is getting married	tonight	
spring sun	an unfinished word	on the to-do list	
the aegean	so blue	this wild anemone	
bread and butter -	the baker finally	seated	
the old shoes	on my feet . . .	a path in the dark	
an amish grin	as he cycles past	the station selling gas
old dog	keeping active	in her dreams
first warm day	she asks me if i still	want a divorce	
rain and more rain	ripping off the month	two days early	
green light -	a small spider darts	across the windscreen	
late summer:	waking to the vacant o	of the wren's house	
hill climbing??	with each step beech leaves	younger and younger	
nest-building??	a magpie sings	with its mouth full	
Light-studded ferry	passes in the starless night	another week-end	
fireflies	a?prayer?circle	joins?hands	
lost	on wildwood road	water lilies directionless	
dawn	the maple's colors	spread through the fog	
dawn haze -	the bulbul's trills	so clear	
summer rain	each corner drips	to its own tempo
a calf born today	lies still	as a burlap bag
drawing the geese	from the stubble fields	the pink-tinged sky
our new home??	winter sunshine fills	the empty rooms	
summer camp studying other people's	collections of stones	
dead pear tree?	for ten days each spring	it was white with blossom	
yay for the hobos	yay yay happy yay happy	hobos are happy
big top	a white moth passing	under the trapeze	
overtaken, i ride	in the slip-stream	of your after-shave
an eye	in the window	of a birdhouse	
dawn	last year dust	on the Christmas ornaments	
mosquito wing	on the white pebble	a spectrum
wood's edge	stepping inside	the sound of the river
from the mouths	of old stone frogs	the sound of water	
in a clair puil	bebbles hove up	frae sumhin unsein	
redwing blackbirds	vie for the tallest stalk	spring wind	
reoccurrence	of cancer	no spring this year	
snowflake	the moment before it melts	his smile	
gettysburg the children pause	to watch a dove	
spilt milk	spreading along the grout lines	morning chill	
a windless skin amnesia	
labyrinth path	a change in the wind	with each turn	
windrows . . .	the undulating whistle	of pigeon wings	
her origami bird	i learn	by unfolding	
wisp of a cloud	in a vast blue sky??	my thoughts exactly	
hard frost all the new benches graffiti-tagged in silver	
shadows of blue hills??	wild turkeys forage	among a clutch of old stones	
roundabout -	looks like the face	of the Moon?	
Thanksgiving evening	the call of wild ducks	out on the bay	
cicadas at dusk	seventeen years hence, shall we see	substance or husk?	nearby, a bell tolls changes
for just a moment	the warmth of our tears	cold rain	
cricket song	softly, outlasting	the trucks	
vi	uprooted clouds:	summer holds the pale mountains,	calls down the clear night.
cascading water	free fall in many degrees	a fragrant shower
my downed kite??	following its string	to a stranger's door	
haze	half the horse hidden	behind the house	
mango season	married long enough	to eat in silence	
the poor man is like	a planet- and his desires	revolving sat'llites !
winter sky	three geese wheeling	around . . . around	
old couple worrying	what will eat	the crocuses this spring
venus and jupiter	the barechested fire-eater	taunts his crowd	
dawn	a pile of black trash bags	wait for pick up	
night silence	a facebook cry	of loneliness	
bus stop-	the winter dance	of cold feet	
flashing against	the winter killed grass	a swan's whiteness	
her journey north	she tells me of swallows	building mud nests	
all heaven and   earth   flowered white   obliterate...   snow ... unceasing snow
a line of ants	the empire state building	in the distance	
This road	no one goes down it	autumn evening	
muezzin's call	a one-horned cow pushes	at the hotel gate	
parents' old home	still pencilled on the door frame	our childhood heights
end of day	it closes the henhouse	between dog and wolf	
outside the wall	around the cemetery	long grass	
last breath of fish	in the seagull's beak	broken sand dollars	
linux shall rule soon	it will overcome gates	but now it still grows
bare trees	in patches of fog	from here	to the scarecrow	
thunder	the old windmill	needing grease	
again imagining drifts	on a stream through	bridge shadow	
music on the wind	an amish foot softly taps	and abruptly stops
a giant rimu falls	within an hour	rain	
after four hours of sleep	light snow fills	an empty cup	
lingering cold...	the last jar of maple syrup	on the cupboard shelf	
morning mist	the fragrance	of strong coffee	
cyclone warning	the cracked red paint	glistens with rain	
white camellia	the coolness	of new sheets	
our teen out late	through his window	orion	
chain-link fences?	the snowstorm melting	where it fell	
spring equinox??	the sun shines through	an onion skin	
half-blown dandelion	my neighbor's daughter	moves back in	
the whistle	of a wood duck . . .	her last breath
aubergine clouds	a peacock's shriek	deepens the gloom	
cold snap	the sharp bite	of a radish	
half-light a dinghy adrift
killing frost	all day a steady rain	of yellow leaves
first spring wash . . .	colours from the sundog	bleed through a cloud	
old tea bag;	tints the moon	slightly
graveside service	a stray dog pisses	on the casket	
Fishbone	it nose of cod	looks away	
deep autumn	the candle flame flickers	as i pass	
she's found the gate	in the wall of willows	sunlight of spring	
birdwatcher?	is it a male	or a female?	
leaf-fall	for a moment	the cat all kitten	
winter night	my cat	kneads me	
autumn dusk?	the orange underbelly	of a slug	
fog lifting	the bean vines climb	a little higher	
health centre aquarium	at the bottom	a dead goldfish	
musty smell	forgotten . . . deep	into the text
weblogs can be fun	however with no update	they do get old fast
gale force wind?	the shrieks of gulls	flying in place	
summer dawn	the runners' footsteps	past the window	
midday sun?	rinsing a just-pulled melon	in the rusty tub	
twirled parasol??	the lacecap hydrangeas	bleached pale blue	
empty place	It makes the darkest darkness	autumn night	
stars at dawn:	the clatter of small change	on the coffee shop counter	
steppingstones	in the pond	tadpoles	
blazing heat	my long shadow	useless	
winter brings cold pain	these joints creak and crack and pop	when did i get old?
family reunion	a tablecloth	pops in the wind	
a dried lemon	falls from the tree	the day lengthens	
black run	a skier's cigarette	points downhill	
midsummer day??	tilting a longneck	all the way up	
catalog time	the garden begins	without a seed
from the holy land	he sends a postcard of cracks	two thousand years old
summer heat	the sticky touch	of blue-eyed grass	
gray spring dawn-	the shiver of daffodils	in my bones	
the days shorten	seeing less and less	of our neighbours
summer's end	the weight of my body	out of the water	
hi! kids   mimicking   cormorants ... you are   more like   real cormorants than   they!
the long day	a bug	cleans its antennae	
morning blue sky	the windows of a hot yoga class	fog out	
lingering light	through the willows	scent of rain	
autumn trail	cub scouts stomping	over the footbridge	
this morning, autumn	in the husks	of sunflowers	
a doe and two fawns	mid-street my hand motions "go ahead"	
bush cemetery	a child's grave	beneath an evergreen
We talk in the street,	surrounded by melting snow	and mad rushing crowd	
summer noon	the taste of childhood	in forest berries	
forever thirsty	some people drinking from my cup,	i taste the clinking...
day moon	a child feigning sleep	in the hammock	
plum blossoms	making the most	of a new religion	
waterfall mist	sunrays spread out	into the woods	
dissatisfied	with her virgo horoscope	she tries pisces
the rain pouring down	floods his home until he floats..	then a bird eats him
hearing it first	through the dog	distant thunder	
a common wire fence?	then a western tanager	sits there a moment	
long shadows	many places	to cross the creek	
leaving you	fog on either side	of the white heron
snow moon	the blue shadow	of a bare birch	
falling leaves	the house comes	out of the wood
milky sky	an eagle's rib bones	cradle the snow
beachside	after iced tea	his cold, cold kiss	
a pile of clams	far from shore??	summer's end	
picking flowers	an explosion of color	crosses the minefield	
kyoo mo mata	ochiba ni yuki no	yamagurashi	
Traffic noise	he refines	his guitar	
beads of rain . . .	raspberries holding on	to summer	
autumn wind	grocery flyers	flying	
17-year cicadas??	the persistent itching	of my stitches	
thunder . . .	the white side	of the leaves	
winter sunset	in the shrimp boat's wake	pink pelicans	
distant lightning	followed by the sound	of a cricket	
nightfall	follow the war on screen	sleep without dream	
cold summer	one suitcase circling	baggage claim	
lost in her mind	fields of white daisies	and summer	
scent of apples...	feel of the paring blade	between my fingers	
morning energy,	only early do i strive.	day fades. life drains. sleep.
a pile of rocks	shifting in spring rain	the stiff old man
their first thanksgiving	posing together	with the turkey
steady autumn wind;	balloons at the same slant	in a used-car lot	
extended drought	the wake of a goose	drifts toward shore	
hot night	the moth fans a breeze	through the screen	
bouquets of explosions	under each fumarole	invisible flesh	
path to the bridge	the usual leaves	and acorns	
record heat?	the jade plant slumps over	a few yards from the hose	
releasing him . . .	the bull trout's back	scarred by talons	
bend in the river	where the little girl drowned	papyrus in bloom	
sultry day??	one green berry	among the red	
kindergarten??	the squeak of new shoes	in the school yard	
tire marks	on the neighborhood street	evening heat	
now what?	the papaya tree has reached	the cement awning	
shortcut...	the railway tracks	still vibrating	
darkening sky??	a woman's song rises	on the desert breeze	
the days and hours fall,	in drops of watery time:	morning finitude.
hard the   beggar's bed ...   but sociable   and busy   with insect-talking
stained glass?	the fleeting shadow	of a bird	
grandpa in his coffin	she sings a lullaby	before they close the lid	
snow	softening	the night
spring book signing	the poet's pen	skips	
heat wave??	a spider pokes a leg	from a curled leaf	
dead end street	bougainvillea overflows	the chain link fence	
unemployed	withered leaves stop	beside me	
first light?	guessing at the depth	of overnight snow	
midnight -	only jasmine now	and cricket song	
christmas dinner	the fifth burner	finally ignites	
ocean swells . . .	cows on a headland,	noses illuminated	
spring sun	the whiteness	of my scar	
land's end	a seal returns	the dog's bark	
shoveling snow . . .	a wind gust halos	the street light	
mother's day sale??	pulling the red wagon	filled with plants	
autumn trees . . .	getting her to	do the talking	
waiting ...	at	the	top	of	the slide	
fluttering	at the edge of the farm	surveyor's flags	
water into wine	every time you look at me	my girl parts get drunk	
biting wind	our words fly	over each other's heads	
a sand ripple	just fits my arch??	sunrise	
resuming the race	after two months of Pause	- The same rain	
alighting	on the edge of night	barn owl	
heat wave??	crayfish holes	incline to the north	
the waterfall	a tourist can't stop	talking
fading light -	the stone steps brighter	than the foliage	
the sound of geese	drowned by the sound of the train	this morning	
the hound howls	at his echo?	mountain winter	
puddles of sky	a child's first step	in the clouds	
school reunion	failing to recognize	the winter goldfinch	
quick mid-winter thaw	each icicle drips	at its own pace	
pilgrim counts	every second step	stone in shoe	
winter pears	eating around	the bruises	
in the corner	just the warm sun	and the rocker	
almost?autumn?????????the?hum?of'sunflowers	
thunder??	a looping inchworm's	rhythmic slide	
summer twilight	the clock ticks twice	for each cricket chirp	
banked fire	a sigh from the watchdog	asleep in my arms
swirl of ink	in the brush water	early dusk	
autumn equinox	the fallen leaf	half-green, half-gold	
an anchor dropped . . .	all the stars in place	this last summer night	
summer night	a baby changed	on the hood of a chevy	
the hambone	sticks out from the soup	last geese	
crescent moon	quiet lullaby	from the rocker	
Nun and monk	read the book together	in two tongues	
life is so boring	but one will have to live it		either me or you
tree burl	summer reveals	my old scars	
along the trail	trading one walking stick	for another
nobody here	a table in the mountain	speckled with petals	
building thunderhead??	the white hydrangea	touched with blue	
hot afternoon	the carter wipes his hand	on the donkey's back	
bookmobile day??	huckleberries bloom	along the white picket fence	
humid night	the scarecrow engulfed	in grapevines	
cutting	the red bell pepper . . .	cathedral chambers	
morning of the Ascension -	a cross-fly	the ray of light	
beautiful winter dawn	I ran out of	Jasmine tea	
mud-spattered pickup-	four dogs watch	the tavern door	
blanket of snow -	It is also masked	the beggar	
insect chirps	lingering low on the ground	the later moon	
autumn foliage	some old friends	remarry	
thick haze	from a burning hillside . . .	moonrise	
red sky-	our boat flag frayed	by 20 summers	
perhaps	there is a heaven...	cherry blossoms	
slow train home	a man skims ecclesiastes	on his kindle	
a gate made all   of twigs   with woven grass   for hinges ...   for a lock ... this snail
autumn begins . . .	the crack of an acorn	beneath my shoe	
sea spray	drifting up the cliff face	flannel flowers
summer's end-	a cool rain slides	down the hollyhocks	
continuing heat	how does the maple know	that it's autumn?	
a public bench	lit by one street lamp	the falling snow	
Italian Train punctual	- Even delay the go	the return	
customs' declaration -	only the memory	of eucalyptus	
end of the holidays -	some sand	deep in my pockets	
crescent moon??	the street magician's trick	finally revealed	
misty foothills?	a woodpecker scarcely dents	the thick-spread silence	
old woman, wrapping	her cat's gifts	centering the bows
the owl's whoo	unanswered	this autumn night	
daybreak - -	light and shadow	on the apricot blossoms	
concert in full flow...	mingling with the music	the smell of cooking	
full moon?	two lovers hugging	one shadow	
clinic waiting room??	beyond the window blinds	more walls	
sweet grapes	the conversation passes	between friends	
her garden bench	she was always sitting	butterfly on moss	
in and out	of the haiku lesson -	the fragrance of the lilies	
tonight's stars . . .	the stilt-walker talks about	his youth	
winter blues	the gnaw of my boots	on old snow	
At breakfast	after first sip of coffee	i notice a rainbow	
engagement ring	he decides	it looks real enough
black hole	near beaver dam a whirlpool spins	autumn leaves vanish	
church ruins	the grace	of a butterfly	
children's voices	who will tell the dandelion	it's a weed	
homeless shelter	an unkempt man peels	a dyed egg	
this day...	snow blossoms	on the plum tree
ex-junkie -	two bags	in his teacup	
winter light	smoke shadows drift	over the water tower	
watercolors	strung across the art room?	winter rain	
flight of egrets	a boy stands with his ear	to a telephone pole	
summer meadow	a blade of grass	becomes a whistle
bamboo whisk...	the tea master's	fluid hands
the guards in their towers:	silk worms in cocoons of light
the fullness	of ripe melons...	this summer moon	
first christmas	uneven baby footprints	on newly fallen snow	
a sparkler fizzles	into darkness	year's end	
wind in the pines	never have i dreamed	of sleeping alone	
moonlit grass	and black shapes of cattle	a distant flute	
tree-swaying wind	echoes in the air ducts . . .	the afghan grows	
red maple leaves	scattered on moss??	the sound of falling water	
slanting rays	in the paloverde blossoms	warm breeze	
oceans of light spill	like rice wine from lips which have	kissed the rising sun.
rabbit and the hawk -	an awful truth stains	the fresh snow red	
last day of the year	a leaf in the wind over a long	stem	
chemo patient	seeking inspiration	in a bookstore	
the river high	the toll-keeper's chickens	lose half their run
on the pavement	the leaves are agitated	soon the full moon	
between the trees	swoop of coloured wing and feather	and hammock song of summer	
his father's death...	shadows of raindrops	on the window ledge
icy wind	the garbage can rolls	back and forth	
autumn wind	the leaves are going	where i?m going	
frost moon	an old maple changing	the face of it	
lonely Spring Saturday	I look at the graffiti	for a haiku	
first heat -	a sparrow visit	gutters neighborhood	
setting sun	an accordion squeezes	the night air
urban planning . . .	a row of poplars	at ear-level	
auction day	dead leaves swirl	around the stone seat	
we walk the path	that others made...	dune grass	
olive sea	i disappear into another	gray day	
summer camp	children play	with sunlight	
drawing	a pailfull of darkness?	village well	
silent phone	only the ring	from his teacup	
spring rain??	speaking of the dead	in a softer voice	
in a shabby motel	all night	treefrogs in rain
winter fog	the minute hand	stuck in place	
winter in the wind	No cake for this candle lit	in memoriam	
new Moon	nothing on the lake	the cry of the moorhen	
perennial . . .	the garden	i dream of	
defunct nursery	every dead flower	with a marker	
last day of school?	a wisteria pod	bursts open	
spent tea leaves	the scent of almonds	and cinnamon	
october	what flowers are left	lie down	
autumn rain	the warmth of one too many	glasses of wine	
summer clouds	not enough paint to hide	the graffiti	
moving into the sun	the pony takes with him	some mountain shadow
daffodils??	in first grade i played the one	in jesus? garden	
oars in unison	slicing the river	slicing the moon	
house for sale	a vine almost to the end	of the laundry line	
Late summer	the greyness of dusk	without fireflies.	
hundreds of gulls	feeding their chicks	he points at the dead one	
Empty eyes	gaze at a poppy field...	journey's end.	
desert wind	a wire fence stretches	to nowhere	
end of summer	more cucumbers	than neighbors	
dwindling light	my childhood home	a parking lot	
The tall pines	etched against the sky	late September	
the	smell	of snow	
flickering buzz	of the pool hall sign	summer night	
lofty thoughts	the crowns of the redwoods	lost in the clouds	
fly after fly . . .	the steady swish	of a bull's tail	
the cool breeze	between spadefuls of gravel	a nightingale's song	
lunch break	the scent of apple blossoms	in the sunshine	
music class	the fan blows his notes	in all directions	
walking in on her	dead eyes reflecting	snowfall
ax and pine	with every chop	a higher sound	
after an hour of rain	the crickets	all seem happy	
just as in childhood	before closing dad's coffin	a kiss not returned
honking geese	the jumble of pumpkins	at a roadside stand	
garden path?	the child sorts good rocks	from bad rocks	
the turnip   farmer rose   and with a fresh-   pulled turnip...   pointed to my road
new century?	the neighbor's rusty car	still on blocks	
along the railing	hollows in the snow	where sparrows sat	
this way and that	winter sun	in a rabbit's ear	
floating	down river	an egret's shadow	
reading suzuki,	my mind grows hot, like the air...	all my haikus suck!
lingering heat	the actress i had a crush on	in playboy	
signs in braille	name the scents??	herb garden	
cool July day	the ice cream man	goes for a coffee break	
the jaw ache	from a temporary crown winter rain	
morning rain	a handful of strawberries	just as cool	
distant thunder	another iris opens	its petals	
easter sunday	a snail's empty shell	on my doorstep
the long days of Summer	I start reading	Marcel Proust again	
evening snow falling,	a pair of mandarin ducks	on an ancient lake.
being awake	he says he is already asleep.	autumn chilly night.
first frost	the birds that stay	the birds that go	
postal box	letting go	that letter	
listening	for the cat door??	autumn night	
curve by curve	i follow her down	the river	
still	no answer . . .	the stars	
cabin walls	feeling my way through	a wilderness night	
mating antics	of a hummingbird	wind on the lake	
mare's tail clouds??	great aunt pointing out	where stores used to be	
between a rock	and a hard place . . .	the oncologist's fish	
first mouthful	of a warm cider doughnut	scarlet hillsides	
fallen leaves	the child in her	gives a kick	
coming home	on the train	. . . the backyards	
as heartbeats hasten	a butterfly emerges...	my glee takes flight too
crowing cockerel	the black cat takes	her morning wash	
end of September	gnawed through the sheet	The blue sky	
bright estuary . . .	the red jellyfish float in	with the tide	
someone sobbing	the watering can	full of rain	
muggy evening	the whine	of the battery charger	
i raised my   knife to it:   then walked   empty-handed on ...   proud rose of sharon
sleep beckons	the far grey country	beyond clouds
city dweller??	the sound of the interstate	i call the ocean	
the hourglass	runs faster now	an eyelash moon	
heather blooms...	a house martin lingers	above the bog	
amish gentleman's	warm smile brief . . .	my skirt long and plain
daydreaming child   cloud in a puddle
rectory roofers	their ladders	take them higher	
stop sign	thru the bullet holes	ghetto moon	
Spring first day	she wears	no bra	
weekday morning	gulls gather	round the ice-fishing hole	
what wind finds you here	begging shadows, coins tapping	songs for an alley	
a little cold	and without the bright fish	this golden pond	
children dancing	circles in the rain-	autumn leaves	
acres of coal cars	honeysuckle climbing	the train yard fence	
cold snap	a bite	of the radish	
when will it become	a cricket's nest?	my white hair
cabin fever . . .	bullrushes bursting	in the vase	
blank windows next door	surprised to miss the neighbor	i didn't like.
dandelion bouquet??	i wash the bitterness	from his hands	
This Dark and grey day	a soft rain falling down on	the heat-dried roses	
arbor gate??	turning sideways	to avoid the thorns	
a small hoot	moonlight reveals	the rest	
the haze lifts	she tosses her hair	over her shoulder	
after the rain	full moon drips	behind the glass	
ghost town	the empty highway	into the hills	
unlabeled shapes	from the back of the freezer	winter stars	
still, white cityscape	belies fury of last night's	edmonton blizzard	
Sunday morning haze	she wants	her coffee spiced	
hands	on the balcony rails	summer morning	
secret campsite	chilled beer clinks	in midstream	
prairie??	nothing	higher	
deep winter	nothing much to say	even among crows	
under the veil of wintering	the ladybug	curled up	
irises	bluer	hers in	
whispered dusk	a fox picks its way	across the ice
hot afternoon	she's lost in her book	I in her décolleté	
spring hail	the horse rolls its tongue	over the fencepost	
sunset traffic	slowly down the hill	into darkness	
signs of spring	the expiration date	on fat-free milk	
the attic . . .	my short-lived dreams	under the ceiling fan	
one deep breath	for a moment the pine	is part of me	
her aged veins	the steady pulse	of crickets	
carefully tended roses	he dozes in the swing	she always loved	
gray thanksgiving	an outburst of laughter	from the kitchen	
morning hush	the fisherman casts	a thread of sunlight
first cold	a summer haiku	in the pocket base	
broken glass and all,	i wait behind the mirror	for a tweek of sun.
rainy morning??	the old beggar not there	outside the tea shop	
farm auction . . .	the green side	of a tomato	
behind?me	the?years	fading sunflowers	
long dry grass	bristles underfoot	iced tea	
bromeliads	an extinct woodpecker	appears on film	
blackbirds descend	through the floaters	in this eye
a sea of blossoms??	will every bird	find its mate?	
fresh breeze??	the weathervane turning	with the gulls	
quiet arroyo	the song borne somewhere else	by wind	
winter fog	everything familiar	unfamiliar
night of no moon??	from the trawler's lamp	one small pool of light	
lilac flowers, so fleeting,	yet so loved,	in spring they're everywhere	
screened window	the full scent	of jasmine	
candle snuffer	our eyes adjust	to the smoke wisp	
roadside shrine	a child blows out	all the prayers	
my father's birthday	i spill	a box of nails	
cold attic -	faded cigar box	filled with seashells	
summer rain??	the potted plants	push against the glass	
graffiti	sharper	by moonlight	
spring breeze	blowing dandelions	in circles	
street fair	colors from the suncatcher	touch the mime	
ah, unrequited   love!   now elevate your chin   and keen   tom-cat, to the moon!
needles of rain	the talk show guest	addresses my problem	
autumn equinox	my baseball glove	right where I left it	
waiting	in the sheaths of ice	blades of grass
stacking firewood	scent	of the old forest	
do we all	mark time	with blossoms	
blowing rain . . .	colors blend	on a garden pinwheel	
heat wave	kids in the pet store	teasing a rat	
early morning fog	in the cereal bowl	the spoon clinks
high tide	jellyfish	moons	
the world a blossom	i make up a song	for my dog	
day break	half a pale blue	egg shell	
winter stillness?	a low nickering	from the horses	
autumn light	just this much	to go on
sixth day sick	dandelion seed	in a spider web	
a flatbed	hauling scrap metal	summer heat	
letter from home	the snow muddy	wherever i step	
after kindling	his passion...	she lights his cigarette
field of grass and weed...	beautiful beyond the wire;	only beside trees.
between thumb and forefinger	a raspberry	full of morning sun	
on her dead son   in what windy land   wanders now   my little dear   dragonfly hunter?
seventh-inning stretch	a foam finger pointing	at the autumn moon	
last flutter	of the butterfly	in the mime's hand	
dense fog	a nudist beach	empties up	
carrying the harvest	rhythm	of her hips
swimming across	the moonlit sky	a gray carp	
snowbound:	the rosebushes	up to their hips
burial ground??	offshore kelp billowing	with the tide	
spring ends	the old acacia	remains leafless	
almost midnight	Santa plastic	deflates	
spring evening	a long pause on the bridge	to watch the water run	
butchering a rabbit	cold rain	on my hat	
lingering heat	the taste of hibiscus tea	on his lips	
passing dreams...	the night scented	laundry soap with	
freezing rain	the yellow umbrella	of a hotdog stand	
traveling, too,	on a seat by the window	green melons
unhooking her bra	the moon peeks	over the treetops	
gibbous moon	she's not telling	the whole truth	
hands in prayer	the carpenter has one	shorter finger	
early March	new graffiti	shaped like a tulip	
a willow shoot	between river stones	morning light	
christmas eve??	my children pretend	to snore	
in ten summers	the convict's first visit	dragonfly	
first spring day??	even out of doors	i want to go out	
old pond -	another lily	in bloom	
winter dusk	she paints her nails	deeper red	
bent	like a puzzle	in a child's hand,	that back before me	in the pre-dawn dark
leap year	the frog	just sits there	
roses of pure white	scenting the warm summer air	a sweet confection
butterfly house	we're all	six again	
summer breeze	someone practices drums	in the valley	
late June crowded subway	but no one has	a sun tan	
balancing	on a blade of grass	nightfall	
alone	even the moon	slips away
oh skatepark, my foe	your concrete curves provide pain	oh skatepark! i cry
winter garden	the puppy unearths bones	the lost dog buried	
alphabet soup -	my best haiku ever	...... digested	
his warm hand	in mine	the primrose path
graying sky soaring;	a roof above the heads of	mortal creatures beneath	
cottonwood rattle??	the wordlessness	of his final days	
the snake   departed   but the little eyes   that glared...   dew, shining in the grass
rain on the leaves	just one	firefly	
late summer	no place in the corn	where you?re not touched	
sand dollar	the morning's first set	of footprints	
twilight?	the scent of clover	in her hair	
a single strand	of spider silk	stops her
moon viewing	just me and spider	tonight	
first love	windmills turning	into dusk
spring thaw . . .	the tracks below	tracks in the snow	
tax deadline	everybody says	it's nice outside
urban incense	a steaming	manhole cover	
early blossoms	the hummingbird's throat	brighter still	
slingshot	the pebble misses	a star	
icicles?.?.?.	keeping?time	until?the?end	
mockingbird...	but there ought to be	a moon
our holiday home	the hoot of an owl	reminds me of him	
late night traffic	the swirl of leaves after	the last bus	
worn-out stairs	up to my old mother's home??	an owl hooting	
there's something about it	the way a dog barks	at the scarecrow
brussel sprouts	only the bitterness left	on our table	
full moon	after the pumpkin soup	more rounded belly	
dreaming in the flames	the stack of burning twigs	falls into nothing
on the edge of town	an outfield	keeps on going	
banks of marshes	in that old willow autumn	has left a nest	
line drive to center	all faces turn toward	the sunflower field	
charcoal	drawing the tree	it was
in the stream	a lone fisherman	that once was me	
low in the west	under the belly of a dog	the setting sun	
all saints day	spent candles	in the cemetery	
scenic outlook	each step reveals	more grasshoppers	
in the plastic cover	of a missing person notice	two snails feast
as the days grow shorter	thyme???????? flowers in my garden	
spring breeze	it's just not the same	with open eyes	
ah! i intended   never never   to grow old ...   listen: new year's bell!
summer lightning	at the crack of dawn	the temple conch	
morning sun	the shine	on a buttercup	
stranded jellyfish	swallowing sand?	winter moonlight	
snow turns to rain	the afterglow	of the plow lights	
morning stillness	a bird song	I've never heard before	
hard times	the car salesman's	missing tooth	
autumn twilight	captures the mood of leaves	swirling everywhere	in this circular motion	hear the laughter of children	
uptown caf? . . .	she picks the flowers	out of her salad	
i don?t know	a soul at this picnic??	damselflies	
lengthening days	I turn the Christmas lights	off	
new year -	the same street this morning	silence and more	
abandoned farmhouse:	bird nest in the mail box	also deserted
chatter	in the outfield	katydids	
through the bay window	a sugar moon pours itself	into jelly jars
Crunch, crunch, crunch	stepping on fallen acorns	this Autumn day	
the bent nail	where garlic hung...	winter moon	
deep in summer	the river over and under	my hair	
dusk?	moths doze	on my window	
winter chill-	around the windy corner,	surprise! full moon.	
cycling with my son??	this is the autumn	i fall behind	
sunset today	more wintery, more solemn	than usual	
summer rain	the missing scent	of cologne	
lingering day . . .	a garbage can lid	becomes first base	
wanting	to embrace	even a sleeve	tonight's	lonely angle
before the guests arrive	i straighten	the straight cushions
home	for dad's funeral??	not the same quiet in the kitchen	
tomb of the unknown??	bird shadows	in sudden flight	
rosebud unfolding	the seed packet left behind	in revelations
rain on the horizon	the inside of the nest	worn smooth	
first frost	its pot mint sprig	remade its roots	
open mike night	the audience	goes dead
near sunrise	the aspens already	alight	
a squabble of jays??	he shovels my bootprints	off the sidewalk	
full moon is rising	parishioner's pious prayer	without votive light
dog days	the damp dishcloth	begins to smell	
distant thunder	the sharpness in her voice	after my comment	
shaking the stone from her shoe -	a white opal swings	from between her brown breasts	
redwood sorrel buds . . .	beyond the missing bridge	the vanishing trail	
angler's guide??	all the fish	we didn?t catch	
prairie sunshine	a tiny flower	with an indian name	
chicken wire	the softness	of the rabbit's nose	
overcast morning	the smell of steaming rice	Summer	
he turns	his beach towel	to face mecca
wilted garden?	a beetle drops	into a fissure	
habemus papam!	I've always loved	Latino men	
into the teeth	of a cherry petal wind	sparrows	
at his passing??	a ripple in the river	of stars	
journey's end	far off in the blue distance	dark clouds	
road just paved??	a cucumber picker hoists	the wooden crate	
winter wood	in with a hawk	sudden silence	
credit crunch -	a half-dozen fireworks	greet the new year	
darkening skies	the final hours	of the weekend	
way to school	two cows bear with horns	the sun	
fluttering	in the spider's web	a butterfly wing
sparkling shoal	water strider shadows	cross the bottom	
weathered dock??	a child reaches out	to smooth a wave	
the cool side	of corn husks	kitchen shade	
telling it	like it is	one black crow	
In the forest	patches of blue between	the tall pines	
low clouds	listen snow	sleepless night	
indian summer??	the distance	between roses	
rings on a stump??	an inch	for my life	
drifting fog	the house across the road	reappears	
leaving for home??	strands of seaweed wrap	around our ankles	
abandoned farmhouse: a	yellowed grocery list taped	to the counter top
quiet waves	the herring gull's	pink legs	
too quick to reply	cutting my tongue	on the envelope
last of the sunlight	cows bounding	downhill	
family photo box	how my father smiles	in black and white	
familiar photos on the wall	remind me of who i am	but who the fuck are they?	
the frayed rope	swings back into the shade??	country swimming hole	
late night camp . . .	now a gentle lullaby	horse hooves heading home
february?	a sharpened edge	on the shovel	
the mulberry	one brief smell of cut wood	in two hours work	
sun is burning now,	burning here and burning there	do you feel the warmth?
snowfall	a child draws the horizon	on a window	
between fence rails	a little boy explains cows	to the cows	
twilit path	a tarantula	lifts a leg	
grown overnight	in the city square?	a christmas tree	
waiting by the door	the sun	rising	
late summer	graffiti overgrown	with ivy	
tea break	a sparrow at point fossicks	among the seed-heads	
one way	into the labyrinth	a maple key
entre	thunder and lightning	zero	
hospice book cart	the one no one finishes	is back on top	
today the tulips	tightly closedmy little boy's	sullen face
dog days??	pulling off	cockleburs	
catching rain	on my tongue??	scent of plum blossoms	
the little shift	in the blue jay's song	accepting my age	
scudding clouds??	the creak of wagon wheels	through grandfather's journal	
less cars	in front of the brothels	valentine's day	
flowers bloom and die	wind brings butterflies or snow	a stone won't notice
their love	now out in the open	night blooming jasmine	
After the dispute -	the plates are still	dirty	
a hundred streets named	peachtree - no wonder sherman	burned this city down	
reciting   scriptures...   strange the   wondrous blue i find   in morning-glories
receding thunder...	one bullfrog	then another
shallow stream	the leaf that bumped my ankle	drifts on	
daylight moon	the slicked-down reeds	of a muskrat slide	
another dream	about the otherworld??	pressed flowers	
the moon	not quite full	but full enough	
the harvest is over	I hang the sickle	crescent moon	
breezy afternoon?	making a kite again	after many years	
higginson's haiku	still among the living;	the autumn wind	
Summer blue sky	a teakettle	whistles	
hard frost-	the snail-hammerings	of a song thrush	
warm rain	batman rides	on daddy's shoulders	
the movement	of clouds between	the hound's yawns	
dawn	caught in a dewdrop the empty swing	
winter blackout -	all the house	full of night	
a new neighbor??	the feel of sand	on a smooth shell	
At midnight	the fog horn in the mist	yellow roses	
mud-spattered pickup?	four dogs watch	the tavern door	
bear market?	still the cherries	blossom	
mothers' day	I let the phone ring longer	for her	
snail mail	delivered	in the cold rain	
pink tissue floating	in a white toilet bowl -	spring . . .
past the manikin	the girl with the same	pout	
valley stillness??	a butterfly passes through	an empty log	
trailer park	never enough shade	for the chained dogs	
Soprano, clear and cool,	and pale violin float	Above the freeway noise.	
after loving-making	scent of wild clover	through the window	
sandcastle	my child in	his own world	
hospital room	the empty chair   takes	all the sunshine	
empty sandals	on the beach	pull of the moon	
starless night?	a slice of stale bread	divided by five	
mackerel sky	a concord grape bursts	between my teeth	
bridal shower...	finding the male stripper	the best man
grey noon	a lone seagull	flying inland
my feet up -	one lazy blowfly	
evening walk	the deer must	know me by now	
after the storm	a puddle of blue sky	the hollow of the stone bench	
the summer shade shifts,	in a momentary time	of june and quiet.
winter dawn??	waiting for the school bus	kids pretend to smoke	
the road disappearing	into wetlands of mist . . .	i keep going	
the monarch butterfly	spirals in an updraft	my loneliness	
the road home	a star too bright	to be a star	
cold dark night	the warmth of her hand	in mine	
spring	whistling through	a blade of grass	
yellow jelly beans,	yum yum yum,	so much lemony flavor,
night lightning?	the rambutan tree's empty spaces	fill with brightness	
blue september sky??	the wordless things	we want to know	
april showers	my inside-out umbrella	drowns a snail
equinox	this one tiny worm	coiling uncoiling
the juice flowing	commissure to the neck	- Mature girl	
open house	my children, their children . . .	joy is my middle name	
If you really love	America hang that flag	on a bicycle	
where the maple stood	a shroud	of sunlight
with the mower off	i expected to hear	more	
church bells and snow	i read that chekhov	longed to be a monk	
passing laundry	between a flutter of sheets . . .	bob bob white	
almost spring	the lace of my running shoe	trips me again	
evening rain?	i braid my hair	into the dark	
fading light	a red rubber ball	on the grate	
cold rain	a maple leaf floats	in the water basin	
snow melt	chewing gum spots appear	on the pavement	
night wind	the road only	A can	
heavy steady rain	back pain	skipped friday prayer	
heavy rain	in the farm belt	barbershops fill up	
small town?	the only light	is red	
sizing me up	the jeweler measures	her ring finger
Easter Sunday	a nice little knot	in garbage bag	
harvest moon...	a shadow	sorting laundry	
dusty path	the summer taste	of raspberries	
nose in the air	fixing the invisible	bum perched	
mourning a piece of birchbark	peels	
noon sun	the cow chews her cud	clockwise	
rope marks	on the mustang's neck	spring wind	
darkening path	the white morning glories	lead the way
raindrops	snaking down the pine bark??	his rough hands	
run quiet and swift	evil senses noise and haste	never stop to breathe
april sun slanting	across the exercise yard	jail-bar shadows
sunset...	debating rothko's	use of red	
first day of autumn	the sun hits the tile	one last time	
dragging her jacket	home from school	first spring peepers	
gibbous moon	my ear on the curve	of her belly	
sun clears the ridge	a finch's gold	flickers in the woodpile	
lily pond	with one step the snowy egret	moves the moon
an eagle sighting??	the frailty	in my father's hug	
first frost -	the steel blue perfume	My aftershave	
vendor on the beach?	from hand to hand	the spinning pinwheel	
overnight rain??	the scent of orange blossoms	in a desert town	
on street -	a shower of petals	for no one	
raging blizzard	the gritted teeth	of jumper cables	
in bottling	This slow movement	Bach	
as it stretches	back to preen, the sinews	of a swan's neck	
out of the lake	the weight of a butterfly	on my finger
on the river	of many names, one cloud	floating
stark tree limbs	a cyclist i see	every morning	
mausoleum??	just passing	through	
daylight moon??	faded chalk stars	on the sidewalk	
winter night	cookie crumbs on both sides	of the bed	
summer solstice . . .	the sound of a door closing	at dusk	
cult of tradition	and war criminals	- Cherry blossoms	
early storm warning	he sends the kids	to the neighbors	
up from the harbor	fish smells follow	the donkey trail	
first autumn	without mother	the leaves	
winter rain	a?glimpse?of?unpainted?wall	behind a radiator	
Valentine's Day	birds chatter	eight days	
scent	of raked leaves??	an old wound	
winter sunshine	the yellow kitchen	even more welcoming	
our ceremony
el?ni?o?dust?colors?the?dying?bee	
senior's home	we celebrate the new year	a 7:00 pm	
cold sky	my boots grind stones	in the dry wash	
cottonwoods	over a slow stream	the heat	
drifting hawk	soccer players surge	down the field	
the grey sound	of a boat's emptiness	cold dawn rain	
summer's end my children try to teach me	how to smile	
spring fog . . .	a shoulder of mountain	crooked with pines	
windstorm	the berry stains	on the path	
swallow in the   dusk...   spare my little   buzzing friends   among the flowers
lunar eclipse	a white moth struggles	in the web	
gray tree frogs	calling from the ditch??	wrong side of the tracks	
moonlit waves	the glow of streetlights	on clapboard cottages	
bird feeder untouched...		alone again
a young sister   pitiful ... on my   outstretched palm   at dusk dies   the little firefly
abandoned farmhouse:	wallpaper peeling back to	my childhood
without his wife??	throwing old bread	to the sparrows	
sleet ticking windows	the chemo drip	in its last hour	
bright winter night	my head	made of glass	
red-tailed hawk	sunlight warms a thicket	of mesquite	
mid-morning	an ice-crack ricochets	across the river	
ebbing tide	a bright shell caught	by the current	
first frost	the'scent?of?coffee?reaching	a little further	
hunger moon	how bittersweet	this longing	
dark june night	bulls' bellowing	echoes across the hollow	
the dark folds	of a greening mountain??	my sister's locked diary	
not as like before	why the sudden change in wind?	questioning the fall
riverside promenade	seniors stroll through	falling leaves	
keep off grass	the tut tut tut	of a sprinkler head	
warmed-over coffee	the gray gray sound	of winter rain	
life? butterfly   on a swaying grass   that's all ...   but exquisite!
first warm day	father gets out	his cap and cane
overcast sky adding more driftwood	to the bird blind	
a circle of light	cupped around it in the snow . . .	purple crocus	
ship horns	footprints crisscross	the misty beach	
cloudless sky	a pheasant flies from	the combine's teeth	
licking raspberry stains	from my palm??	the heat	
stone wall?	between two rocks	a bleeding heart	
above the cemetery	laser beams from the disco	a calm cricket chirp	
splatting drops...	moments ago they held	a rainbow	
pieces of sky	in the forest canopy	summer's end
new moon	it's only withered zinnias	rustling in a breeze	
Basho haiku	grains of sand	under the pen	
intermission -	we talk about war	behind the scenes	
a bicycle	left in the meadow	long shadows	
traffic jam -	another star appears	in the sky	
a skiff	broken loose?	wild flowers	
frosted dawn-	his words hang	over coffee	
back to back	checking who's taller	spring equinox	
black cockatoos	the distant rumble	of harleys	
hatsuyuki ya	takuhatsu zoo no	ashi akaku	
planning our trip	lightning flashes	beyond the horizon	
rising moon . . .	a slug's path	on a zucchini leaf	
blue sky	August dust	on the radiator	
father-in-law's death	one gardenia petal	falls in the rain	
afternoon stillness	a dragonfly touching	circles in the pond	
Autumn Equinox -	seeking a word to say	red jasmine	
weekend getaway	we give a name	to the jetty cat	
hungert bairn	liggs in'r lap	...derk concerteeny	
snap of a clipboard	in the all-day workshop	the heat	
lake mist	the shaman speaks	of water spirits	
country evening??	smoke crosses the river	far from the bridge	
the snake awakens,	as a cry cuts through the night,	from a far off prey.
my self	monopolizes	me
spring again . . .	a songbird's paean	at dawn	
morning tai chi	a breeze stirs the spent petals	of the cherry blossoms	
places i'll never see	the backlit wings	of migrating geese
new bride	the squeak of her	sweet corn being shucked
this old fight	Knowing Both our shares	thunder moon	
Mother's Day	everytime	she calls	
the wind is angry	howling with furiousnes	for the days coming
overflowing mailbox	arm deep	in forsythia	
zen monk	adjusting the mike	on his robes
twilight -	a final nozzle	in slow circles	
coldest day	steam from the sidewalk grates	rises undisturbed	
sweet peas	the round eye	of a hummingbird	
maple leaves	piled up at the cabin door	stars in the trees	
summer's end	the beach umbrella man	packs up to leave	
late day sun . . .	small pieces of ice floating	on the river	
winter stillness??	turkey tracks frozen	in the ice	
camellia buds -	my wife begins	to cradle her belly	
dusk	drawing the pond's depth	to the surface
moon behind the clouds -	the mother nursing  the twins	in deepest darkness
Eating alone	The sound of cold milk	Into a glass.	
down the train's long aisle	everyone else asleep	prairie flatness	
Parent-party eve of	its most beautiful sweater	eaten by moths	
day after memorial day	a rolling trashcan filled	with flags	
whispers of a fragrance	my sister loved	evening in spring
biting cold	frost on the nail heads	of the old fence	
full moon?	i wonder which state	his jet is crossing	
thunder clap	the twins	jump	
beautiful weather	on July Fourth	in God we trust	
sound of water . . .	a fish rests	on my foot	
clouds sit still above	mountains stir a placid sea	nature's beauty glows
midnight	the moon dances	in my teacup	
bee season	she asks me to listen	to her fruit trees	
Canada Day we play	another concert	in the rain	
paddling the shallows	the little boy stops	for every shell	
tidepool?	hermit crabs	shifting shells	
snow-laden cherry	a broken branch	dropping blossoms	
cold?winds?the?receding?tempo?of?rain	
shimmers	scarecrow shaken	its CD	
january . . .	cat turns on	the electric blanket	
the doctor wants	to take a closer look...	coffee gone cold	
autumn leaves	a cowslip blooms	out of time	
city bus stop . . .	the boy squats in the shadow	of his pregnant mother	
one more game	of shirts vs. skins	summer dusk	
the soft patter	of a computer keyboard	midnight solitude	
summer time to play,	basketball soccer baseball,	what do you say chief?
double glazing -	the crescent moon	and its reflection	
easter vigil	into our kneeling silence	the creak of wood	
school day third	In His bag so heavy	ten times the silence	
morning Spring drizzle	a long line at	the bathroom	
kindling	no time like now	for that first kiss	
first of spring	the mail carrier's	knees	
the final push	of a laboring bison	slow-rising sun	
lost in reeds	a bittern points the way	to the morning moon	
full moon	above the skyscrapers -	it's midnight	
Spring snow	an expecting mother rests	her hands on her belly	
first swallow . . .	the calm of dawn	slips away	
sunday morning?	a boy digs in the mud	that buried a cathedral	
beginning of winter	the snow piled high	on the lawn chairs	
stargazer lily . . .	a dab of pollen on the tip	of her nose	
writer's block -	staring out the window	at snowflakes	
in the twilight	two chairs in interview	even if empty	
spring break	crocus pokes its head	through the melting of march	
followed home	by a dog i don't know	autumn dusk
winter solstice	every windshield	transports a sun	
bright spring morning	the kitten backs away	from the coffee cup	
slicing red bell pepper	the green heart-bead	tumbles out	
sagging porch	my conversation	with a stray dog	
sea anemone	the baby's firm grip	on my finger	
low-country creek??	the flow of spanish moss	from an osprey's talons	
first rain	the smell as dust	changes to mud	
lavender field??	stopping my car	to let the bee out	
snow angel	the shadow	of a raven's wing	
funeral day??	still i hesitate	to open mom's purse	
nowhere else	but the next flower??	afternoon butterfly	
dawn	a line waits outside	the dialysis center	
defeated in the   fray   by bigger battlers   for love...   tom-cat seeks a mouse
close lightning	the metallic taste	in my mouth
after the sunset	a white chrysanthemum	lights quite alone
again i take	the wrong way . . .	those violets!	
drifting leaves	the slow arc	of a wrecking ball	
blue sky	my neighbor left	his garage door open	
long night of snow -	bird legs before	the front door	
looking at the sky	dandelions with haircuts	oh, that wind, that wind	
night of fireflies??	fishing lights	off the island	
first frost	another wish	goes on their list	
magnolia in full bloom??	a new tingling	in my breasts	
it begins...	a galaxy of dust motes	in the projector's beam	
after the storm	everyone drool	even the snail	
winter sunlight	the birdsong that lingers	in evergreens	
the sheep too	were always here	standing stones	
hot afternoon	the squeak of my hands	on my daughter's coffin	
beach house	a bit of sand	in my tea	
as i turn, each yellowed page	breaks free	
dandelions	all these clothes	that don?t fit	
long train	the roundness of snow	on tanker cars	
new grass	two white horses	touching necks	
river eddy	the ripples of fish	catching twilight insects	
with a little rain,	the color returns	to a stone	
November dusk	the warmth	of a familiar song	
spring thaw . . .	the ewe wants to be petted	in all the old places	
monsoon wind	that touch of dust	on the rain scent	
raindrops	and the sound	of a shoe being unlaced	
autumn rain	a baseball card softens	in the bicycle spokes	
meditation??	the dent in the monk's	head	
las vegas	all the lights fading	into sunrise	
puddle?	just for a moment	the moon at rest	
adari pool	a noon gecko tracks	the mosque shade
morning train??	a few notes of birdsong	through the closing door	
carousel rider	the pole still warm	from her touch	
a sinkhole	where the tree was	spring runoff	
backpacking trip	finding myself	without a mirror	
twilight	in the Chinese lantern	a glowworm	
village bells	the sun-warmed odor	of cattle	
five star hotel -	a cockroach scurries	pool-side	
eating chicken	the wish-bone so small	I wish better weather	
sounds of trucks	from where the road runs now	autumn night	
surf mist	the salt of a grief	without tears	
not bloomed yet	the field of sunflowers	the nearly full moon	
scarlet sunset a fighting cock's feathers	ruffle in the breeze	
friend, that   open mouth   reveals your   whole interior...   silly hollow frog!
summer solstice    the wind still cold	
half moon	something slips into the pond	besides me	
storm front	grackles sweep	into the wind	
Beware of Dog	only the wildest flowers	go in there	
sultry evening	the pizza receipt clings	to a beer bottle	
clear whistle	of the white-throated sparrow??	evening star	
chilling autumn   rain...   the moon, too bright   for showers,   slips from their fingers
august heat??	broken egg shells	in the gator's nest	
autumn dusk	enough light	to count the leaves	
Indian summer	turkey feather falling	just out of reach	
winter afternoon	one empty space	in the library carpark	
lightning	in a chestnut shell	the evening rain	
presbyopic	This big fish in the stall	Since yesterday	
meteor shower	in the cold our gasps	become visible	
thin ice	he critiques her gravy	in front of the guest	
family secrets	the shape	of a popped kernel
leaving your home -	kowhai flowers	flick off my windscreen	
spring rain	the measured step	of a sandhill crane	
early stars	the weed-choked path	to the compost	
summer breeze	now and then	mother's fragrance	
ripples	on a meadow pond??	oriole song	
practicing	her signature	the newlywed
summer rain...	the mountain sinks	into a rice field	
veins of lightning	split the sky -	smell of wet earth	
district Airport	under the streaks that fade	flying heron	
rain turns to sleet	grounding my daughter	our shared tears	
bright leaves	blow through	her dream house
deer emerge	from the snowy woods	tea grown cold
sea and sky	the sand slipping out	from under my feet	
overcast day	I look at old pictures	in black and white	
a handstand	just to see if i can??	honeysuckle	
lake trout?	a raven's caw	in with the knife	
wildflowers	along my neighbor's wall	soften her voice	
giving sound	to the submerged stone wall	my new kayak	
relaxing my arm	butterfly	on the bullseye
early morning?	the slanted shadow	of the pink house	
the mixed calls	of courting birds	scent of damp earth	
drifting seed fluff . . .	the rented horse	knows an hour's worth	
narrow sidewalk	i'm under her umbrella	for a moment	
the corridor	was long and dark...	news of your death	closer	with each step	
love is what you give-	fragrant flower in the wind	the shade of a tree
cloud of   cherry-bloom ...   tolling twilight   bell ... temple   ueno? asakura?
summer pasture	a calf licks dew	from the cattle gate	
full moon	full ripe figs	end of summer	
At the foot of the lamppost	a fir January	
first light	broken blue shell	under the maple	
how strange this human body	not queen anne's lace	not thistle	
we race dry leaves	down the road home	the north wind and me	
nearly sunset	the spider shadow moves	in the curtain	
split?wheat'sack	a'steady?trickle	of'sparrows	
questions	purl like schools of fish	in dangerous waters
leafless trees	and beyond them leafless trees	and the highway	
wish made . . .	concentric ripples	spread away	
crowded train	her perfect lips	pierced	
pouring rain	yet another question	without an answer	
it prolongs	blower computer	the cricket	
frost	on the pumpkin:	lunar eclipse	
twilight lingers . . .	from the wrecking yard	flash of a blowtorch	
the old hand	swats a fly	already gone
field of wild iris??	the pinto pony	kicks up his heels	
a towhee calls	from the seldom-used gate	autumn dawn	
opulent temple	pigeons occupy	every niche	
five, seven and five.	this seventeen syllables	caught in a pom.
sequoia national park	i promise my grandkids	they?ll grow tall	
Wedding Day -	in the bride's eyes	the groom's smile	
a gull gliding	out of the cloud's shadow -	suddenly white	
as the seasons change	love is lost	what can be done
between breaths	following the white	of this butterfly	
three days of downpour	my only horizon	an old umbrella
all night long on the veranda	drinking tea and talking	about God and our new parrot	
evening sun	the shadow of a fence	on my face	
starless night	one long blast	from the ship's horn	
huddled cows	their steam thickens	the valley mist	
dark september day	stillborn given a name	for the funeral	
first cold night??	the plumber swears	in polish	
mountain overlook?	we speak	in whispers	
daybreak	the scent of crushed sweetgrass	where deer have lain
Memorial Day	year old couple rereads	The Letter	
Friday the Thirteenth	my train arrives	on time	
late winter...	a king snake stretches	across the road
telephoto lens	the loon's call	comes into focus	
backroad?	moon shadows drift	with the snow	
how long	a thousand years is	pine needles in wind	
rolling thunder	the gentle vibration	of unused crystal	
two dragonflies	riding the screen door	autumn deepens	
summer in the temple -	the horns of the dragon	just visible	
pay day	the field hand bends over	his lotto scratcher	
a leafless tree??	suddenly my father	comes to mind	
the moon's brightness	after midnight	cornstalk tepees	
walking through the woods	i hear click crash trees falling	waited a second
waves	slowly cresting towards shore	a faint moon	
slam	capsules spurge -	afternoon slow	
apples cooking:	in the aroma	pictures of my mother canning
nameless longings	a floating seed	eludes my hand	
dandelion fluff	my breath sails on	without me	
summer moon	a willow's shadow	dapples her grave	
winter sky	the white cat's eyes	bluer	
outdoor theatre	watching the crow	watching the play	
another mother	calling her child too??	the dark of the wind	
by the lawn's edge,	the dog barks at the darkness	then looks back at me
Boston news	a crazy day and yet	that butterfly	
evening light	a loaf of bread	on the cutting board	
half moon	a firefly pulsing	in my shadow's heart	
spring dusk	a black sheep	joins the flock	
blizzard?	sticking out of a drift	the snowman's arm	
after the rain	a frog-shaped shadow	wavers in the puddle	
remembering you -	the sparkle of the last	icicle	
snow country	every word	you say	
night breeze	carries a moth	to the moon	
incoming tide	a crab shell floats under	the cormorant shadow	
red poppy dolls	sit alone by the beach -	dead children of Tohoku	
dry thunder	one yellow leaf trickles	from all of the green	
fall leaves	he tells me	i?ve changed	
trinitarian glasses	help both speaker and listeners	to see more clearly	
old broom	half swept away	with the dirt	
Rainy February day	Cloud after cloud after cloud	Pray for a clear day	
milky way . . .	the way the cow path	rings a hill	
dusk breeze	another birthday spent	viewing others	
twilight in the park	cool seeps out	from all the dark places	
a recurring escape from my father's dream
biting cold??	moonlight on the nail heads	of the old fence	
the snow is falling	blanketing the ground in white	will it ever stop
somewhere becoming rain becoming somewhere
the last	stair step??	breathing the sky	
winter solstice	the pink tongue of a cat	lapping at snowmelt	
kahlo exhibit	the guard's face half lit	between two portraits	
long afternoon??	the ceiling fan	turning the wrong way	
metro station...	a?wistful?face?at?the?window	in the moving train	
late summer	one floating leaf	already red	
thanksgiving drive	after the bustle	quiet fields, deep shadows	
winter kinglet	learning the yes and no	of each branch	
rivulets of red	running down her pale young face	she clutches a doll	
daylilies . . .	my son's face	freckled orange	
mammogram?	morning snowflakes	stick	
there is no ending??	only the change	of seasons	
delivery room--	the gentle light	of the beginning
the day after	the family reunion	visiting graves	
black pond	swallowing snowflakes	a goose dips her beak	
sudden downpour	the lizard takes its shadow	into a wall hole	
winter sunset	shadows of branches	climb the fire escape	
distant thunder-	a caterpillar drops	from a ragged leaf	
rain on cedar shakes	after long silence	an old friend speaks	
Forest Lascaux	cars and phones	hunting party	
winter, bedtime	static flickers	through a white sleeve
prize chrysanthemum	you have written your own haiku;	you don't need mine	
lightning at window -	the stopped train	in the storm	
calder sculpture;	a single brown leaf tumbling	from the sky	
morning troubles	it starts with a dead cricket	in the spider web	
spring equinox	scraping off the shovel	with the hoe	
conformation	the steady drip...drip...drip...drip...	of maple sap	
storm over??	her headstone	above the snow	
almost spring	her pink scarf taken	by the wind	
cicadas	at twilight	finally it rains	
breast self-examination	a moth batters	the screened window
sleepless night -	the whistle of a distant train	going  where?	
washing trays	that held rice seedlings??	a song from the river	
redwood shade	a banana slug eating	my worries
a pale moth	clings to the screen	september rain
new year's day	our neighbors? boots	in the mud room	
lingering fog??	a tent caterpillar	drops out	
blackbird song -	the name of a daughter	i'll never know	
building a puzzle	three days	of rain	
moonless	suddenly the silence	bigbangs into barking	
November	the split pine log	a summer fragrance	
the last of the boxes	Moved finally out	cloud covered sunset	
evening star	a patterning	of bats
wind?chimes	the'spruce?in?two?tones	of?autumn?light	
round and round	debating	circumcision
he is a cheating brat,	he is cheated on my bestfriend,	wow he is a jerk
oppressive heat??	tossing ice cubes	to the junk yard dog	
after your	telephone call	the rain	
for one day	smile	and mean it.
black water?	a goose paddles	through morning snow	
low tide -	i walk to you	across the sky	
wildfire haze	between the icebergs	the blue wind	
acorn falls	the sound of rain	continues	
twilight   whippoorwill ...   whistle on,   sweet deepener   of dark loneliness
husking?	the band of white skin	where mother's ring was	
i skirt around	a stone cutter's rhythm	autumn sunset	
chemotherapy-	she always liked the way	I kissed her hair	
enlightenment stones	in the temple garden	summer heat	
file -	between my car stereo	two transmitters	
leaves on the river??	too old to call myself	orphan	
summer traffic	four cars, a tractor	and the full moon	
dead wood...	tiny copperheads	coil in the sunshine	
flood lights	the parking lot of the hyper -	a starless sky	
winter doldrums	my landlady enumerates	the perennials	
the old couple	weed their tiny garden??	sunlight on stone	
the sea is calm	a butterfly flutters	above the rocks	
familiale- beach	small crabs will	and go quietly	
in his mothers house	he walks into the cobweb	she underlooked
a small hand	reaches for the stars	moon bounce	
a?very?good?year	the?fruit?fly?in?my?wine	is?beyond'saving	
must springtime   fade?   then cry all birds ...   and fishes'   cold pale eyes pour tears
last color	left in the sky	a flicker's call	
i need help	i need a haiuku poem about the trojan war as you as a sloider	please help!!
one of the stumps	turns in the fire	all hallow's eve	
saffron dawn	a leafless tree	live with birdsong	
a hard rain	what cloud	could have held it?	
last day of term	emptying the backpack	of old lunches	
west coast holiday	a ponga frond	unwinding	
paper moon-	falling off almost	this argument of mine	
afternoon walk	the buzz of air conditioners	and flies	
at half-mast	a butterfly passes by	the still flag	
adrift	in a fishbowl . . .	stray moon	
the name	I didn't want to see -	bitter coffee	
morning haze	ice drifts around	the river stones	
smoking break	out by the dumpster	crickets mate	
a mist	slipping?through?the?morning?woods	coyote	
just before dawn	pleiades opens the sky	the warbler's melody	
Forever waiting	For the ring of the phone	Watching the rain	
cell phone ringtone	again in the mix??	mockingbird	
subway heat -	the breeze	of the arriving train	
caught	in the revolving door	sunset	
carrying their canes	two old women lean	on each other
dry grass	the rattle of ice	in the tea pitcher	
cashmere'scarf?	the'smell?of?mothballs	in?our?kiss	
winter dusk	my grief released	from the crow's throat
TV debate -	her breasts flopped	in the bodice	
the call of wild geese	a field of pale goldenrod	leaning southward	
august wind	on the dock seagulls	stand on two legs	
spring rain	cars slowly leave	the cemetery	
chiaroscuro	the white cat in deep shade	curls deeper in
power breakdown??	a mother nursing	in the dark	
gulls far off	in the twilight calm . . .	lock waters fall	
magnolia shade	cicadas	in both ears	
biting into the fig	how red	his heart tattoo	
lime quarter	an ice cube collapses	over jazz	
cooling the air	trees in a village	sketched by c?zanne	
woodland stream	among the sword ferns	quivers of light	
forgotten garden	a fig tree enters	the fog
after the air show	turkey vulture	quietly soars
steam railway	blackthorn blossom	follows the tracks	
snow on red leaves	so many coincidences	in my life	
valentine's day	the twinging	of angina
mild winter	the shore ice	releases its litter	
on the path	only one of us	touched by a falling leaf
summer rain	waking to find the tent the size	of a mosquito	
solar eclipse...	folding, unfolding	moth wings
village pool	children beat sunlight	into stars	
no clouds	a wind in the sheoaks	shuffles bits of blue
windows filled with light	at the home for the blind,	christmas night	
river breeze . . .	the faint clang of a ringer	on the other bank	
sultry day	the time it takes	to detach a tick	
berlin wall	a smooth stone	in my pocket	
easter eggs??	the multicolored faces	of the children	
the city below??	in my hand traces of	a firefly i held too tight	
dry spell	the sounds of a mason	splitting rock	
anemones	shedding petals in the stream??	wind-streaked clouds	
wearing a white mask	because of the pollution	a day moon	
morning fog	a beggar wears	an orange coat	
full moon	and so my thoughts	turn to you	
tilted gravestone	the weight	of a butterfly	
sleep-colored	tires on asphalt	
making sure	nothing grows	the rock gardener
verbena orange -	first star	then a second	
fern spores	his choice to return	to where he was born	
december evening:	the smell of gingerbread	in mother's hug	
amid war	and rumors of war...	Reviews another grandchild	
still water??	the grebes rise	breast to breast	
fresh snow	the graffiti looks	dirtier	
woodsmoke??	an heirloom photo of someone	no one knows	
the wheel tracks	in the snow on the low side -	Ash Wednesday	
the stone back??	ants that were under	the stone	
new moon	the doctor schedules	a biopsy	
montana morning	the horses with their backs	to blowing snow	
expectant father	the tender way he holds	his comic book
near dark??	the grand hotel drips	long after the rain	
tide life	spitting back part	of the beach	
historic battlefield??	beyond the trenches	the mole's earthworks	
moonless night-	out on the island someone	lays on the horn	
the mountain pine??	holding the light,	held by it	
my father's globe	so many countries	with wrong names	
just before dawn	the bright moon	of the computer screen	
leaf buds	the flycatcher	varies his call	
nursing a friend with aids	i close the window	against rain	
my son's eleventh birthday	miles of cold gray rain	between us	
love:	a kigo for all	seasons	
thorn by thorn	pale moonlight down	a century plant	
rocking chair	sits in the attic	counting years	
book non massicoté -	to small penknife	the end of the sentence	
Pentecost	the flame	in his eyes	
someone whistling	in the dark?	hazy moon	
new year's day	the cat leaves a hairball	on the bed	
the sweat dripping drip-	ping into your eyes like tears	for all my efforts	
pine tops	against deep twilight	a bob-white's call	
spring sea	the fishing boats	go out in pairs
the birds are chirping,	i love the mud under my feet,	leaves are returning
if not for the shadow	on the canyon wall	i would have missed the condor	
the stranger's binoculars	from hand to hand	chicks in the heron's nest	
evening   news	the burden of  snow	on my son's   balcony	
barely awake . . .	my first steps	flush pheasant	
sidewalk tilted	by the maple's roots??	faint city stars	
young lawyer	his briefs	in the snow
the neighbors? tiff	envelops the valley	bees in the cherry tree	
winter evening	a light is burning	in the back of the house	
cool breeze -	a thousand things undone	I watch the moon	
the wind through	wild plum blossoms	deeper breath	
broken bus shelters	Supermodel escapes	Glass fragments	
solstice	a shaft of sunlight	through rock	
the slow day ...	in the empty motel corridor	a stack of dirty dishes
spring ritual	pulling out roots to make room	for roots	
spring melt	the susurration of water	in the tea kettle	
winter roses	father shows us photographs	he no longer sees	
light pollution?	the fireflies flickering	out	
new year's eve	one side of the mare	dusted with snow	
blue sky	white lilies stick out	of a garbage bag	
quiet Sunday	a winter fly	too slow to kill	
early dusk	the elderly sexton	wreathed in mist
home for a visit	the sound of rain	on the river	
backstroke??	her navel ring glints	in the moonlight	
death valley:	a man who's never been there	tells me all about it	
jet contrail blending	into a billowing cloud	vet's burial day
rainy evening	mountains fading	gray on gray	
rumors of war	up into a darkening sky	a child's newsprint kite
drowning in whiskey -	she left again	and keeps leaving	
you are here	the crisscross	of snow flurries	
crescent moon	some one took a bite	of the Big Apple	
deleting words	from the eulogy	falling leaves
twilight	the late swallow passes	the first bat
outdoor patio	the hummingbird into	the flower tattoo	
Pint of beer	These drowns blissfully	to fly	
morning haze	her bubble bath	is ready	
college photos	out of the shoe box	a dry apple core	
the cliff	cut the mist	windless day	
under   cherry-trees   soup, the salad,   fish and all ...   seasoned with petals
autumn sun	slides through the blinds	withered sunflowers	
without just one nest	a bird can call the world home	life is your career
slicing papaya	the swing	of her black pearls	
one egg	rattling in the pot	autumn rain	
buzzing the bee   trades   peony for peony   with the butterfly
a willowtip	touches the water . . .	sun-rings	
the downpour ends . . .	much discussion inside	the balsam fir	
quiet rain . . .	garden gate held open	with a hoe	
mahogany clouds,	racing home as darkness comes,	leaving joy to melt.
trying to make	myself understood??	the sun in a spoon	
unwanted memories	more present than the past	
Internet break -	
neck	& neck??	geese	
night fading away??	new snow in the playground	seats	
ice cream van	i still want to	run outside
tinkling key stroke blues	washed out in fleets of summer;	the gray sunday float.
meteor watching	a match lights up	year unknown face	
in battle with fall	winter coldly sneaks by	defeat is chilling
withering heat	schoolyard tetherballs hang	against their poles	
snow field	the earth marked	by fallen angels
Dusting off the ancestors	and stirring up memories	Spring cleaning	
her last words	snow falling	on beech leaves	
jasmine	beneath the stars	His blue eyes	
autumn walk	needles at the bottom	of the stream	
quiet afternoon??	leaves on her desk	arranged by colour	
this morning	wet balcony	pick up the leftover wax	candle-Charlie	
birdsong before dawn	all the lives	i've lived
brisk as time's pace,	wondering who i am now,	not who i once was.
evening of June	the door ajar	only the dark	
a blind man fishing -	seagulls	loot his bait box	
streetlight	my shadow growing	fading	
the rose hides	the date of death	on her grave	
wasteland	the dandelion head	emptied of seeds	
all I need are mountains	and a hedgehog -	autumn deepens	
carillon bells	a wedge of cranes	flying south	
unmarked graves	the wind holds	a hint of sea	
sultry air	the marsh grass	overtakes the path	
three-quarter moon	the windmill rusted	into silence	
going out she hides	her wedding band	crescent moon	
Counting the shades	of grey in the sea	and in his hair	Comptant les teintes	de gris de la mer	et de ses cheveux	
Spring in the park	two homeless men play poker	for empty cans	
old woman,	rain in the eye	of her needle
Tonight's quake -	trees without leaves	at sunshine	
winter solitude	the elevator speaks	to me	
summer highway	puddles of light merge	with the sky	
evening RAIN-	buying cherry trees	online	
Sunday night -	Three deflated balloons	the gate of a neighboring	
when the sun	illuminates the window of the bus,	this mosquito is excited	
moonless night??	i read your letter	by heart	
march winds	a decade has passed	by your grave
for a moment	your shadow	is my shadow	
crescent moon?	still, i turn my gaze back	to the muddied path	
early autumn	tasseled grasses	dust the air	
white butterflies	lost in the barley	lost in the wheat	
soft jazz	candle light and lip gloss	in the corner	
old pond??	if only my face	would stay so smooth	
traffic jam -	women talk about men	in the radio	
summer evening	from across the meadow	a call to supper
a russian winter??	each book weighs several pounds	on the kitchen scale	
May evening,	wild carrots Exceed	the horizon	
snake hunting the boy sheds his shirt
a shorebird's red bill??	the tide rushing	into a mussel bed	
winter sun . . .	i look for something useful	to do with my hands	
manna gumtrees	the sugar glider's belly	before the moon	
nor?easter . . .	another puzzle piece	clicks into place	
after the rain	I check the growth	of each tulip	
A snowy footbridge	the sound of water	under the ice.	
centerfold:	the model's navel	off-center
cemetery	the blown-over oak	leafing	
old pond	the church bell deepens	within me	
He runs the night	on wings of moth	toward the light	
twelve years old	learning to pronounce	Hiroshima	
breasts mannequins	link in the window	- Approach of spring	
how quickly	the nights grow longer	fireweed in bloom	
faces from the past	Their memories in old pictures	effaced by the flood	
evening	the scent of water	on asphalt	
too far away	to see the flag	full moon	
red chili pepper	i compare her calendar	with mine	
this morning thunder and lightening-	tomorrow's night:	July Fourth	
jealous fits the rage	of daylight sour time saved	for the winking night.
abandoned farmhouse:	my daughter	snaps pictures of our visit
years later	off the pier	the same few boys fishing	
All night long	Rain on the glass	sheep head full	
stroke of ...	his snoring punctuated	by fireworks	
this sky	too blue to last	chickadee	
dull afternoon?	waterdrops slide	into waterdrops	
snowy?path	squirrel?footprints	to?the?hot?tub	
still pond	koi swim	through the sky	
first snow	all the shades	of white	
visiting my ex -	the dog licks	my face	
listening to the sound	from the deep well . . .	stone on stone	
snowy afternoon	a slow accumulation	of desire	
new year?	poised above the rice paper	the ink-blackened brush	
my future . . .	from beyond the fence	sheepbells	
red red hibiscus,	its stamen casts	a purple shadow	
blue sky	changes to grey	Paul Newman dies	
distant thunder	a titmouse gives one chirp	and falls silent
clothesline??	ballet tights frozen	in fifth position	
medicine wheels	cairns of field stone appear	in the cold spring fog	
december	a long shadow	joins another	
new year's day??	bleaching work shirts	back to white	
lonely night	maq fills it nicely	of warm thoughts
cherry blossoms . . .	i wear a little less	blush	
Valentine's Day	my wife reads up	on Henry VIII	
early summer	old women in the shade	of the bus shelter	
a few blocks	from the street festival	the evening quiet
on razor wire	squats a crow	winter night
getting acquainted	some wild mint	in the garden	
september morning	none of the students	has failed . . .	
trellis of roses??	her being-photographed face	opens	
first love	the sterile flower	of queen anne's lace	
first morning	without my old dog	my face wakes up dry	
hot August night	she stands	staring out of her window	
a nursing home blanket	over all her sharp edges??	midwinter	
new condominium	its exhaust grate claimed by	a new derelict
hurried steps	my frosty breath rises towards	the half moon	
starry night...	counting out my pills	for chemo	
cold day?	the teacher untangles me	from the lotus position	
aroma of coffee	in the morning breeze	my new lover	
afternoon tea	my mother	speaks her history	
in the corner	the usual spiderweb,	the usual moth	
steady drizzle	strand by strand	a robin's nest	
autumn wind	knowing what you	will say next	
winter evening	my boy's	thin shoulders	
snow mixes with rain	my mother keeps calling me	by my brother's name	
cold overnight	no way of knowing	where the loon will surface	
low winter moon	just beyond the reach	of my chopsticks	
a curtain billows	before the rain	scent of roses	
evening thunder	a homeless man	comforts his dog	
reincarnation lecture	i could see her dress	in a quilt
stormy night -	the buzz	a combine	
changing his angle,	changing his song:	a thrush at dusk	
birthday morning	the moth on the mirror	in a different place	
fallen leaves	we kick thru	their beauty
old postcard	a steamship voyage	on a stamp	
each streetlight	with its own rain??	click of mah-jong tiles	
autumn rain	settled	in my ways	
luggage gone astray	'welcome home' from purring cat	the best elixir	
amefuri no	minoru kaki yori	hito shizuku	
good friday	the raven flies east	with a chunk of bread	
desert twilight	a map with many creases	nailed to a cross
plastic flowers	placed beside the highway	memory fades	
all heaven	for the Sunday painter	- Before the storm	
glass tower -	the moon is part	of the west facade	
an acorn	striking the roof	squirrel chatter
church graveyard??	from somewhere close	the fragrance of lilies	
first firefly...	she asks me to repeat	what I just said	
the muddy river	a few egrets	mark its edge	
heartwood	the saw changes	its tune
a bell moves	in the fog	the tops of cows	
daymoon?	the branch of a birch	laden with crows	
small stirrings	deep within the leaf pile	the cat's eyes darken
even wild roses	of a downtrodden land	reach enlightenment
daguerreotype	my infamous ancestor	in diapers	
cemetery garden	rain falls on	plastic leaves	
april noon	out come the sun	and some slugs	
off chemotherapy	one by one, great egrets depart	the marsh willow
late for church	from an open barn door	the lowing of cows	
midday thaw	the blackbird's feathers	full of rainbows	
April shower -	last drop	of green tea	
cantaloupes for sale	the farm girl's eyes	over her newspaper	
icy morning	a small crackling	from the woodstove	
winter sunlight	the pattern of old wallpaper	showing through	
my hands at rest	in dishwater . . .	first hummingbird	
april drizzle??	an ump checks the lineups	the sky	
onding -	ilk day the burn	fuspers a pickle looder	
one tree without buds	last year's	empty nest	
her yellow painting??	above bifocals, her dark eyes	even brighter	
an old woman asks	for directions to a bar	Winter	
mountain pass	headlights on the edge	of a thunderhead
so many ways	within the waterfall	for water to fall
another light	now??	among the stars	
shift change	a coalminer squints	in the snowfall
all its leaves fallen??	a tree we were	forbidden to climb	
winter desert?	our breath	speaks for us	
a carpet of leaves . . .	i try to remember	her first smile	
afternoon heat	tandem damselflies	we bask reed	
ripening wheat??	he whistles	the latest love song	
pink honeysuckle??	trying to find the place	the creek used to run	
spring dusk	his phone call to tell me	he won?t get well	
putting down a book	to listen to the god	in the half-cleared brook	nearby, a bell tolls changes
Winter wind -	bottles collide	in the reach of the lock	
white cloud of   mist   above white   cherry-blossoms ...   dawn-shining mountains
midnight:	bats are diving	"it's hot," she says	
tree trimming	we listen to the music	of soft rain	
red maple leaves	i sip the last	drops of wine	
morning mist-	we follow the scent	of slow moving cows	
autumn wind	mustangs sniff	at the dry waterhole	
cloudburst	two men in the doorway	chat about war	
grandma's coffee table	the yellow green orange	of old jelly beans	
ice storm	the crackle of wood	in the fire
a single bark	from below the village	mist rising	
Cool and cloudy day	slowly the season changes	mirrored in your eyes	
sunflowers	the tube of cadmium yellow	squeezed flat
autumn breeze	spider's web	convex... concave
meandering	along the ice cracks . . .	a midnight moon	
the faint melody	of a carousel	swirling leaves
my watch stopped	I ask a beggar	what time it is	
the orphan   speaks:   the year-end party...   i am even envious   of scolded children
click-clack	of the bead curtain??	the sway of her hips	
rush hour??	spring snow covers	the roadside memorial	
if i could sail far	far away, stone vegitate,	i would happily
sweet magnolia	spanish moss leans	with the breeze	
sunrise	a shoot half out	of its seed skin	
deserted square	the market remains silent	and they are only	
a cool breeze	finally	she says something	
woodpecker tapping	on the forest glockenspiel;	tympanic oak clunk
september morning -	fresh flowers	on the roadside shrine	
oh do not swat   them ...   unhappy flies   forever   wringing their thin hands
ash wednesday	try trying to remember	my dream	
tidal creek	slowing my pulse	the blue heron's flight	
Remembrance Day-	even the traffic	pauses for 2 minutes	
february thaw	goose droppings slip	into the pond	
Fall afternoon	the boat on the river	slow heart beating	
christmas eve?	brand new seed	in the feeder	
the hiss of air	from a rubber raft	summer twilight	
I completely forgot	the magnolia-tree,	till its bloom	
far away thunder	the polished rocks	in the river	
city park	sun getting low	in the bottle	
hameless	doverin on the baunk	...whaur the watter skites the clints	
day lilies	the dormant spark of death	within me	
light rain	the red rose	overflows	
late spring	lambs play	in the slaughteryard	
slight arc	of the stepping stones	summer moon	
short day?	behind every other sound	the patter of rain	
summer sky	i stare into the blue	of my baby's eyes
meteor shower??	digging my toes deeper	into the sand	
stroking the cat	a cold drop	my neck	
november sunset	a galaxy of crows	quench the twilight
summer stars . . .	an actor's bow	sweeps the pool of light	
summer's end	we topple a pyramid	of beer cans	
piercing cold -	a kea calls	through the mist	
frosty morning	our slightly formal	greetings	
crescent moon -	leaning her head	against my shoulder	
autumn dusk...	a weathered hand waves	from the train
black ice??	dad's bloodwork	in	
gentle wind?	a silkworm spinning	on its thread	
zip	o a kingfeesher	haar steekin ahint it	
the bonfire embers	smoulder on to sundown	honking geese	
returning birds	three notes pass through	morning fog	
shiny	tin can	maybe peas	
winter light	she holds the teacup	with both hands
reaching	where the hose won?t??	summer rain	
fishermen's memorial	bits of driftwood	roll in the surf	
summer sunset??	briefly the magpie	rimmed with gold	
winter solstice	halo of a candle flame	behind a drawn shade	
in a show of power	i take from my sister	happiness.
thunderstorm??	the autistic boy	beats his drum	
cardinal pair	the girl i never asked	to the high school dance	
January warms up	my neighbor walks	in her underwear	
daddy longlegs	evenings return	to lamplight
dry season	each cowherd's song	to the well
autumn equinox...	the murmur of waves	slowly changes	
after all the things	that have gone wrong??	plum blossoms	
Chechnya	blackened bones and ashes	smouldering	
tokyo vending machine	the long line	behind the foreigner
christmas morning . . .	the croak of a crow	from across the fields	
snowstorm	too many flakes	for haiku	
harvest moon	she tells him	she's late	
sun blocked by clouds	mile after mile	in silence	
it starts to snow	the cat wants	the milk warmed	
a lost child   crying   stumbling over   the dark fields ...   catching fireflies
neon veil	a neighbour's lights	outshine the moon	
unaware the tree	is destined for the axe...	nest building
well-worn ruts	between the old maples	hand in wrinkled hand	
sunstreams	the donkey's neck stretches	into august barley	
magpie season	the schoolgirl's lunchbox	on her head	
dragonfly,	crystal eyes,	flutter in the sky,
windy afternoon	two beetles manage to mate	on the goldenrod	
pink morning light	a dying monarch struggles	from cupped hands	
summer haze	the thin gauze	of her white dress	
the greening pastures	one hawk's circles	answered by another	
rain	falls from the trees	iris is the blue	
remembering him	the worn shell	still pink inside	
heat wave??	a spider's thread	across the frying pan	
a first kiss	on the edge of summer	sand in my shoe	
first wind turbines	Slowly they evacuate	a radical of the night	
the nature calls me ,	there is something dangerous,	i should not be scared
hazy harvest moon	the face i met	when our skin was smooth	
rush hour	the smell of green onions	on the cross-town bus	
rabbit trail	nothing but ears	above the snow	
high tide	a plastic dump truck	moves another shell	
starry night	one after another	deep autumn crickets	
the child	blowing on a pinwheel??	the wind blowing on her	
young girls in fog	the fleet movement of hands	fluffing tobacco	
craggy overlook	a tail swinging	in the hawk's beak	
1-1-11	I am still	single	
blossom wind	the sun on my side	of the waves	
new coolness	a train's light moves	along the mountainside	
city ​​at night	smell the rain	roasted chestnuts	
spring	a few blocks closer	than yesterday	
late night drizzle	she carries her belongings	in a kids cart	
plum blossom	the haiku poet's mind...	elsewhere	
spring day	two hawks circle below	the contrails	
summer rainstorm	the balloon man	sells umbrellas	
green towering trees	meadows with green, green grass	perfect spot to rest.
rain patter	on the windshield	. . . second lie	
back home?	trees that i knew	in all their seasons	
lighting the way	with a jar of fireflies	last summer's childhood	
afternoon tryst...	thunder bangs overhead	in the sticky heat	
winter returns	one stubborn maple still drips	ever.so.slowly	
i wish for someone	to remove pretend haiku	go back to honor
what a silence!	and nobody's around	to share it with	
locust pods	in a raw wind??	thinking it over	
one purple finch??	the tick of sunflower husks	on first frost	
ruined barn -	straw smell	at sunset	
lamplight -	a moth zigzags	between stars	
last day of the year??	red plastic roses	fading in the shop window	
our parting kiss	a mixture of salt	and sweet peppers	
turning	one leaf at a time-	entries for memorials	
all the suns	that we can muster	winter celandine	
frost-tipped blossoms	not how i thought	it would happen
early spring??	the young boys spinning	till they?re dizzy	
winter bleak	under the rail bridge	graffiti blooms	
weathered cattails	sparrow-song skitters	through the bog	
november wanes;	the farmer's pet gander	honks at the moon	
frost?warning	a'sleeping?mallard	opens?one?eye	
october clouds	grease stains in relief	on the highway	
blonde wig - a small smile after chemo	
cats sunning	i speak their names	their tails twitch	
cold winter   shower ..   see all the people   running   across seta bridge!
Not so good	for all the fish	Good Friday	
incoming tide	a hermit crab wanders	among empty shells	
freezing wind	the body builder pumps gas	in a muscle shirt
the sun shines into	my kitchen as it sets	the smell of baked sugar	
winter night??	i hear the cat's purr	with my hands	
leaning over the fence our late neighbour's rose	
drops of cool water	from the old spouting	fall onto the lemon tree -	this spring thirst i have	not as easy to quench	
late winter-	Finally the snow	wallpaper	
faint stars . . .	i wonder what yu chang	is doing tonight	
land's end	sand in each bite	of my apple
butterfly   asleep   folded soft on   temple bell...   then bronze gong rang!
hungry sparrows flit	on the empty bird feeder,	light snow on the ground
first warm day	the toy cup fills	with sunlight	
empty pan	on the radiator??	may begins	
first light	i pretend to shave	my son's lathered face	
gaunt children	selling old bayonets??	noonday sun	
garden embrace	the fresh smell of her	sun dried laundry	
rolling thunder	the bass on the car stereo	passing by	
deep winter	i hang my shadow	in the closet	
morning delivery	snow comes in	with the FedEx man	
twilight	a child's pail taken	by the tide	
full moon	the sidewalk curves	around tree roots	
new coolness??	the mushroom's	steep tilt	
rainy-month,   dripping   on and on   as i lie abed...   ah, old man's memories!
dusk on the estuary?	a school of bass break	the shallow tide	
dirtballs, dust and clay	a drilling rig's relentless motion	
Birthday night -	a red wristband	offered my watch	
alabama farm	the scarecrow dressed	in white linen	
blades of grass	between the flagstones...	Easter afternoon	
christmas morning	the snowprints of the stray	who curled by our door
bus stop -	all eyes	on the migrating geese	
autumn sun	the man on a bicycle	hugs his pumpkin	
solar eclipse	your halo	slips a little
breathing virgo air,	laying sprawled across the bed...	night shuts his mind off.
beyond emptiness	the moon filling itself	for certain	
getting the phone -	the soft tapping	of the rocking chair	
autumn evening	i lightly touch	my son's first scribbles	
out of names??	we sit silent in the dark	among the stars	
childhood home	my concrete footprints	go nowhere
the sun	at its zenith	goldfinch song	
clear October night	the smell	of cinnamon	
the UN tower	all the windows	have the same color	
it must?ve happened before	a drop of spring rain	in my green tea	
muddy gloves	a colourful bunch	of empty flower pots	
blackbird song	the old cat retches	on the threshold	
two red cedars	joined in their early years?	grown apart with age	
Zen garden	after each storm	a clean slate	
hungry	half of the moon	hidden	
the reddened snow	six ravens and a coyote	removing the elk	
the clink of change	in a roadside coffee can	cut daffodils	
trying to call it off	her face keeps changing	in leaflight
cold wind	the woodpecker taps	faster and faster	
the flatness	of watermelon seeds	august dusk	
autumn leaves	I follow	their drift	
Late winter -	opening the saijiki	to early spring	
cold spring rain	a piece of grass sticks out of the birdhouse
to the headstone	old footsteps frozen	in old snow	
ascension day . . .	pastry crumbs	for the bird-table	
late day shadows??	the gravedigger hangs his coat	over the stone angel	
what my words can?t explain??	the autumn sun	on your back	
just now it comes	in the tight?furled poppy buds	a looser look	
tristesse	a robin's egg	on cobble stones	
a single   cricket   chirps, chirps, chirps,   and is still ... my   candle sinks and dies
spring sunday	the campus tourguide	walks backwards	
yet some new snow	from the treetops	bird by bird	
first light	filling the orchard??	squeak of the pump	
firecrackers	far off in the distance	pepper on my tongue	
End of the demo.	In the pub toilet	we still scrolls.	
alzheimers -	a tak'm fushin,	aneath the scruif	sheddaed draves	
christmas at the mall . . .	the turkey steps forward	with a clipboard	
evening visitation	the smell of winter	on coats	
half moon	the white cat vanishes	into shadow	
including butts	and cars in the parking	a yellow flower	
sleety rain	flowered umbrellas	sold out	
long trip -	at the end of highway	the moon	
fallen leaves	slide over the spillway another daydream	
spring morning	we argue about crab apple	and cherry blossoms	
spring walk	just me and my	ponytail	
his memorial...	more than my share	of cherry pie	
in the shade	of the full moon...	distant fireworks	
gale winds	the stone Buddha	remains centered	
a patch of coltsfoot	amid roadside debris	?the overcast brightens	
crocus buds??	secrets we?ve kept	from each other	
loud pub music	a long silence	between the flirting couple	
Spring equinox	Pray the ancestor grave	In cold rain	
far across low   mist   intermittently   the lake   lifts a snow-white sail
i have a stick	your eyes are brown	hello carpet
annual cull	the deer races	its shadow	
another day	the stilled heartbeat	on the ultrasound	
new age Luddite	he buys a dozen	paperback books	
steamed up window	with long oblique lines	a child draws the rain	
sunset	the clean up	after a hurricane	
chill wind??	the heart of an oak	leaves the chimney	
all day rain?	the sag	of the toddler's diaper	
old beehives	in the weeds at the crossing . . .	a rumbling freight	
marsh wren's cry	the sun ripples onto the mud	
cicadas	the double dutch girls	take five	
cameron is weird	he thinks he is a basho	hee hee ha ha ha
cool nights	the morning glory's	delicate purple	
hummingbird flight	the swiftest movements	are invisible	
frozen silence	January lake -	the "O" of a carp	
moon moth . . .	infant fingers brush	the breast	
a strange language	these querulous crows	and no peace	????anywhere	
dawn light	on white camellias . . .	the fever breaks	
sent back out	for something i forgot	winter stars	
rain, song in a field	grandfather's long hoe flying	sprouts row beside row
through the sick boy's straw	the loud emptiness	of his milkshake glass	
constellations	of quiet raindrops	sleepless night	
white lilac	fragrantly exuberant	beside the porchdeck	nearby, a bell tolls changes
will winter	I feel between two trains	passing	
moon sliver	the sound of dew	dropping from leaves	
spring morning	green lights all the way	to the freeway	
alone               not caring	passing wind near the pig farm
monsoon-	on the window a leech climbs	the himalayas	
clearing'sky	a'salmon?falls?back	into?the?roar	
something adrift	beyond the break	gibbous moon
October morning	a new pair of new wool socks	on my very cold feet	
unhurried	the egret whiter	than the clouds	
another new moon	rises above the mountain	i need not climb
my two plum   trees are   so gracious ...   see, they flower   one now, one later
morning light	part of a robin's egg	catches the wind	
end of the road	three big dogs	with nothing to do	
spring sun	i wait for the snake	to move	
fishbowl	telling a child	about death	
point reyes lighthouse	how the deep note travels	on the water	
cemetery bees	her last diploma	made of marble	
a vagabond on the bench	covered with a nude girl	on the newspaper	
facing east	the long pyramid	straw bales	
remaining heat	the frayed edge	of a salesman's tie	
image of the moon	streaked by a flock of birds	just for a while
high country	pairs of kangaroo ears	pin down the sky	
art class??	i become	a rose of sharon	
quaker meeting	through stovepipe-heated air	the world shimmers	
late moon halo	fish scales reflecting	on my father's blade	
untrodden snow	my breath clouds the way	into the trees	
the crows	choose headstones	july heat	
finally Friday	the dog so attentive	around the grill	
heat waves	the hitchhiker shifts her child	to the other hip
it expects to top	the subway stairs	- the moon	
smile amphibian	servile fly crowning frog prince	order among thieves	
a quiver	in the folk singer's voice . . .	dappled sunrise	
distant thunder	a revolutionary cannon	green with age	
mother mends her shawl	with tobacco twine . . .	curing season	
clear day	I view Citibank skyscraper	but where is the aura	
drifted sand	over campfire ash??	summer's end	
a rusty still	by the dry creek bed??	blood moon rising	
sunrise	a yogi faces	the wrong direction	
daffodil	the splatter of sleet	in its cup	
that dull gleam	through the hazy park?	a playhouse window	
at the corner	the shadow	splits in two	
wind chimes	the sound of winter	piercing my bones	
considerate   dogs ...   stepping off   into the snow   as i walk the path
a warbler	weaving the song	into blossoms	
whacking the bat	with a broom, she says	they attack people
deep autumn	there's wind enough to winnow	wild rice	
grey sea and sky	she dreams of	blue irises	
october over	listening to heavy rain	call to prayer	
shortening days	the neighbour's dog	welcomes me home	
cloudy day	my thoughts stuck	on a spider web	
winter clouds	a neighbor's r'sum?	left in our mailbox	
yard sale	a family portrait	bought for its frame	
crowds	at the meat market	incense mingles	
new year's eve??	a man digging a pit	strikes his shadow	
dusty haze	at the sunrise time	a yellow rose	
gloomy afternoon	a red haired woman	smiles at me	
autumn gust	the starlings? wings	tilt in unison	
dark spots	in the honesty pods	looming rain
Valentine's Day	a forsythia	without birds	
at the campfire	another round	of ringtones	
hunter's moon	the end of the path	darker	
memorial day ...	the light blue sky	crowded with clouds	
windy day	the mailman	arrives early	
by the statue	of the polar explorer	lingering snow	
fresh snow	beginning the new year	with a clean slate	
climbing in shadow??	the canyon rim	brightly lit	
rush hour haze . . .	the traffic warden swats away	a cherry petal	
hunger	the metallic taste	of winter wind	
scent of rain	all the ways	we failed each other	
preschool	the lower panes	rubbed frost free
late-day silence	the backs of cattle	steaming after rain	
distant voices	a thin crust of ice	lingers on snow	
questions	without breath without answers	a broken shell
beachside caf?	a bit of sand	in the waiter's ear	
japantown shop	the identical bellies	of buddha and santa
intermission	a fly on the piano	walks a full scale
asylum window	a woman scrapes	the ice flowers
In the rainforst	moss hung trees	sound of silence	
morning warmth	a boy stretching his step	to match dad's	
first day of school	the house fills with the space	between second hand ticks	
wild mustard scent	a bed	shared with sisters	
wedding reception	the unfolding tail	of a white peacock	
the evening train	almost empty	sundogs	
At the cemetery gate	three old friends	speak rheumatism	
we talk . . .	most of the rose petals	on the table	
a fly beats	against the window	melting snow	
spring nightfall	ink melts	stone over	
foot-long icicles?	what to do with the spider	in the fruit??bowl?	
Day of the Dead	all the leftover	Halloween candy	
cloverleaf exit	a swell of swallows	in twilight	
blue clouds at sunset	an American flag	is lowered for the night	
on the grass	two pitched-from-a-car beer cans.	unthinking ass!	nearby, a bell tolls changes
starlit lake?	a stray bobber afloat	in the galaxy	
under the back steps	catfish still flop in the pail	the long august night
autumn sunset	fog spills over	the coastal hills	
summer photograph?	after cutting my son out	only sky and sand	
first snow...	next to the new calendar	a clean slate	
short summer night.	a dewdrop	on the back of a hairy caterpillar.
moving day	the old dog paces	the empty rooms	
first date	in the parking lot	our car doors touch
the river wind blows	into the quarter	& through his saxophone
summer's end	the sound of horseshoes ringing	across the lake	
breezy afternoon	children chasing children	chasing leaves	
me	pulling	the weed	pulling	me	
stirring wheat . . .	the faint sound	of an ancient sea	
talk of dying	the mention of ranch land	I have never seen	
evening sun	boys playing cricket	on the river bed	
ominous fingers	point from autumn's morning sky	heaven beckons us
Good Friday	my neighbor prays	in a mosque	
in the sea-surf   edge   mingling with   bright small shells ..   bush-clover petals
fading in and out	of the overcast sky?	crescent moon	
August 6	my father does not say	good morning	
at the entrance	to the whistle-pig's burrow	mountain bluebells	
spring breeze??	fragrance of sweet grass	on the mare's breath	
where he drowned	the broad backs	of catfish	
white hydrangea	fading	in white light	
a new day	how to translate	this talk of crows	
blue asters??	
radiant heater	a cat by the window	purrs	
near the wall	of the cemetery	a condom	
early frost	the cold side	of the bed	
autumn's last month	still awaiting	my inheritance	
lenghtening days	a bird's shadow crosses	the yellow wall	
moon shadows?	between screams	the baby yawns	
silken winds	i am wrapped in quietness	of cottonwood seeds	
a leg lagging	between the fallen flowers	Evening spider	
wind chill	beneath the monk's robe	a naked monk	
the ragged bark	of a paper birch	his death day	
new coolness	a bend of current	around the sea buoy	
summer afternoon	nuns giggle	in a dim corridor	
first raindrop	in the pond a lily pad	wobbles	
alzheimer's birthday	each slice of the cake	takes part of her name
avalanche warning-	how very still	this winter night	
dry patches	on the schoolhouse lawn??	remedial math	
summer night	the strawberry stain	on a popsicle stick	
head cold -	missing the scent	of winter heliotrope	
snow moon	the hunter's	empty trap	
a straw is burning-	over there after our death,	we shall meet again
Valentine's Day	swollen eyes	the florist	
the darkness	of long-empty stables??	quaker meetinghouse	
late afternoon a breeze sweeping	home plate	
early morning silence . . .	soon enough	everything	
at dusk	a sailboat practices	coming about	
campfire embers	one firefly	lights our tent	
evening flares	at summer's end	fireflies	
winter gulls	the grit of sand	in soap	
windy night	a witch walks home	Halloween nears	
church door locked	a hollow sound	answers my knock	
mother's day	one of the orchids	reblooming	
The clicking of the shears	in the branches of oranger-	the forecast cold	
opened door	the darkness lengthens	into a kitten	
long road	the leaves and i	windblown	
downpour -	the pumpkin's smile	goes out	
late harvester	sickle moon in the sky	over the mature corn	
full flower moon	a soft-shelled crab	emerges from itself
curls of smoke,	rise from my coffeepot.	the soft patter of rain.	
moonless night	foxfire where there was	a forest road	
typhoon passed	one watering can	in the sandbox	
cloud shadows	and eagle picks over	what the tide left	
summer waters . . .	the slack	in each line	
haiku potato chips	nobody can write	just one	
his oil paintings	so unlike mine?	passion fruit	
after each	turn of the page	the fly	
incessant rain	a book from a library	that no longer exists	
red panties	cellist -	concert in Luzon	
in a manger	of fiddleheads	a fawn	
new year's eve??	the harpist's fingers	glide toward midnight	
a bride walks up	the steps of a church	September blue sky	
30-year reunion	he still	hits on her
alpine air losing the few stars i know	to the skyful	
the falcon	tugs at her tether??	shortest day	
morning fog	the distance	between boat and shore	
a tree in twilight	i follow the sound of birds	to their silhouettes
in the snow	footprints going away	her last gift	
deep silence	that crack in the wall	looks wider tonight	
temper tantrum	the ring of the axe blade	on redwood	
the window cleaner's ladder	leaves two small holes	in the planet	
i seem to be	an intermittent shadow...	summer clouds
trumpet lily	more baroque	than jazz	
fallen tree	the poor woman's axe	gleams brightly	
the sulphuric scent	of winter coal	out for a walk	
double whisky	everything glistens	in the mist	
fog at happy hour	the bartender forgets	my tequila sunrise	
under my hood	The Word on the Street	Rain picotée	
crescent moon	would i look at the clouds	without it?	
frosty morning	steam rises	from the horses? blankets	
alone now	the drake's wash	at both banks	
his silence	the sounds of rain	becoming hail	
main street	a red pick-up cruises	the spring rain	
unmade bed	a smile on the edge	the empty flute	
the cool kids	walk arm-in-arm	. . . wild narcissus	
roadside stall??	in a tomato box	the trust? coins	
sunglints	off falling snow	the silent no in her smile
slicing apples	into the dented pan??	howl of the wind	
jury duty	the clock pendulum goes	back and forth	
late summer??	blue jays not answering	a crow	
a whitetail flickers	into birch...	what time i have left
after the rain	only a few petals left	with the rose	
miles inland	the sound of the ocean	in the poplars
the honking	of geese heading south	our wordless smiles
nightfall	the zookeeper	lets himself out
the sea beyond -	cracking shells	under our feet	
the winter sun...low,	lower at each stroke of	this weathered mattock
cold snap	the scent of garlic clings	to his meat grinder	
honeymoon island??	she brushes sand off	the chessboard	
long walk home	kicking a stone	for company
lune des neiges	si froide encore	notre entente	
after lovemaking	returning	to ourselves
The morning birds	such a clear sweet sound	making my bed	
spring rain	the chameleon busy	being green
low sun	the lady in red	one high heels	
show in the open air:	some nightingales' arias	supporting the sky
morning fog	a driver stops to ask	where is Manhattan	
first snow	my child's footprints no longer	fit inside of mine
roadside tree	ribbons streaming	from the bend	
all souls? . . .	a wasp returns	to the lintel	
hard paddling	the wind	dries my teeth	
winter solstice	the tilt	of her hospital bed
winter beach?	the skywriting drifts	into clouds	
morning chill	the blind girl tells me the stones	sound sharper than usual	
fireflies	the sparking thoughts	of an insomniac	
90 this year	the fisherman reels in	a fighting trout
the wave	curls on and on	indian summer	
this sunless spring day	chickadees chatter on-	my indecisions	
scent of guava	a glimpse of my youth	in the fruit aisle	
butterflies	throughout the meadow?	gypsy music	
my wife	home from hospital	hibiscus in full bloom	
scudding moon	a starfish holds fast	to the hull	
in the depths	of her sunglasses	blue sky  some	passing clouds	
vendor of   bright fans   carrying his pack   of breeze...   suffocating heat!
single track	coal cars	beat out a tune	
foggy morning...	I wash by hand	my white scarf	
twilight rain	the scent of lilacs	through the window	
the long sigh	of a pregnant girl	december wind	
winter morning??	the outline of the city	on venetian blinds	
familiale- beach	women make pies	and keep their jersey	
solstice moon	the sheen of new ice	in the birdbath	
crossroads -	juniper	stopped there	
mexican jumping beans	i thought they were	my vitamins!
neighbors shoot their coyotes	mine eat the mice and gophers	mine must be better
King in armor	a mantle of snow	on his shoulders	
autumn chill	faint chimes	from our oldest clock	
cold rain	slicks the caf? tables	her lips at his ear	
freshly painted door??	a bumblebee explores	the color black	
outdoor market	i linger in the shade	with sea cucumbers	
first frost	the camper van	on blocks	
canyon:	at the very edge	riversound
cricket in the house-	if only we shared	the same bedtime	
cloudy sky??	a little boy imitates	the cuckoo	
antique store window	looking at dirty street snow	through colored bottles	
medieval washbasins	hollows in the rock	where their knees were	
her latest worry . . .	a raven lands	on the one bare limb	
mill row ::	every door	a different color	
today's forecast:	cloudy with a chance	of jalapenos	
trail dust	all those years mother hiked	behind us	
in the parking lot	a rose petal has arrived	from nowhere special	
September Eleven	I remember to fix	lock of my backdoor	
heavy steady rain	through windows through wet trees	the lake in the rain	
September 11th	steady slow soft	rain	
chimney smoke	the long straight rows	of cornfield stubble	
murmur of rain	hard to catch the words	when he talks in his sleep	
winter doldrums	up to her elbows	in potting soil	
pelting rain	on the car radio	nothing but blues	
it is no longer	cold tap water	heat wave	
outdoor concert	the toddler asleep	kicking stars
essays to grade	a car stirs dust	on the gravel road	
autumn sunrise	the bristled coat	of a hereford steer	
winter melt...	reading the snowman's	body language	
in the attic	the sound of march rain	so much louder	
the pot drips	what's in it	christmas morning	
my heart thumps	and my eyes stare into the distance	the loud sound! its over in a flash
rejection letter	i walk at dawn	past barking dogs	
winter evening??	the newborn calf	eyes everybody	
first evening cool	a preening goose	spreads one wing	
distant temple drums	close by the sound of a dog	shaking itself	
one of us	from a strange world	dragonfly	
tough bar	she just returned	from Iraq	
ticket reservation clerk	a small yellow leaf	on his neatly combed hair	
swaths of grass	curl across the yard . . .	first snowman	
waning summer moon	mom and i	compare hands	
something tiny	boldly swimming shore to shore	in my water glass
cold rain??	tips of new tulips	rim the muskeg	
spring downpour . . .	so many words	for rain	
methodical husband:	on his list of chores, she finds	her name
waking beside you	the room glows	with snowlight	
cold moon slides	up the long window	shadow of her hand	
humid night...	the darkness	between your thighs	
mid-day heat	my eyes follow	the swallow's flight	
the evening paper	on the darkening lawn	first star
same moon	same song	another cricket	
half way home	pole shadows reach across	the widening road
paying the last bill	on the kitchen table	winter solstice	
hot summer day	the shape of a bicycle	that's been run over	
sudden storm?	in the makeshift shelter	an anthill	
first stars	a bat's wing brushes	my face	
pomegranate seeds	bursting in their hands	613 haiku	
narrow path	I make way	for the butterfly	
Work in the hospital	the crane operator works through gestures.	Very big knife.	
late afternoon -	the fulness	of the cow's udder	
harvest moon	over an empty wheat field	gettysburg	
rain: red cobblestone puddles	twitching into circles	
leaves in the wind . . .	this time	i let him go	
december beach	not a sign to be seen	of christmas	
sleeping bag??	the distance between me	and the nearest star	
making haiku	incision	painless	
a pair of hens	peer through the fence??	apple blossoms	
sirius shining	i see her through the window	eight light years away.
museum hall	studying children	their echoes	
the lingering sound	of a bell	sun on old wood	
cloudbank   curling low?   ah! the mountain   yoshino ...   cherry cumulus!
ii	frog mountain rises	to arch its back in the clouds:	unforeseen downpour.
sickle moon	an exit ramp bends	through black ice	
a puppet taken	from the toyshop window	. . . winter rain	
deep noon	a squirrel chases a tree	shadow	
a true wonder of the world	how she fills	her Grand Canyon t-shirt	
Din el ru	the little morning	ene Homeobox preserved	heckling	
how heavy	the empty can	of slim-fast
next to each other	a boat full of people	one full of pelicans	
9/11 moment of silence	the clicks	of a thousand cameras	
windless	the echo	of twenty-one guns	
frosting the window	with our breath?	tick-tack-toe	
morning rush	the usual	black knights	
summer's end	my hand lingers	in the dry grass	
her head	bent over tea leaves...	how old she's grown	
late summer talk??	the oil lamp smoke	going in circles	
just you and me	awake all night	bullfrog	
thunderstorms are	like a random loud boo but	then there's a flash after
cold rainy day	Cherry blossom petals	carpet the sidewalk	
first spring day	the same little nest	of faded twigs
a field of crickets . . .	stepping in the spaces	between their songs	
finding orion . . .	how moonlight shines	in my daughter's hair	
the last note	before she boards the bus	cold winter morning	
sleepless night	same old song	over and over	
hiroshima day	multi-color threads	on the weaving machine	
softly at first	on a swollen wind	voices in the rain	
redwings return	the smell of grass	in the rain	
sunny spell	so sensual the necks	of daffodils	
pigeons are flying again	Irene downgraded	to tropical storm	
orange blossoms --	on the piano lid	a sky full of stars
spring sunrise . . .	the empty green bottle	fills with light	
suddenly, a light	at the end of the tunnel:	the moon in the sky
my good father   raged   when i snapped   the peony...   precious memory!
Saturday night fog	the bars also	dim their lights	
I rescue	a mouse from the cat	burnt steak	
golden hour	a nuthatch pauses	partway down the trunk	
starry night	the tops of hay bales	sparkle with frost	
steaming tea	dusty cobwebs above	the late owner's photo	
muddy street	the black pig's feet	and tail tip are white	
wandering	where there is no path . . .	a flicker's salmon-pink tail	
spring morning	i decline the offer	of a draw	
ground hog day	arthritis loosens its grip	on my thumb	
day after Christmas-	crows waddling to bus stop	no one awaits	
three petals fall	from the purple coneflower...	Almost Summer	
the horse fly	attracted to my ear	. . . strike three	
twilight	a red pony narrowing	the distance to the barn	
hot afternoon?	a finch vanishes	down the chimney	
summer solstice	a roofer lays new slates	among the old	
alone in the woods,	i turn my head	to sneeze	
summer grasses	the trail upstream	into tomorrow	
the shadow	bigger than the pebble...	hunter's moon
doll house??	my daughter changes	her mind again	
sunlit lake	her face	after baptism	
shifting expectations dandelion fluff
young daughters	whisper in the gallery	statue of zeus	
the sidewalk ends	at a high stone wall	dandelions	
negotiations??	the butterfly's wings	open and close	
bonsai gift unwrapped	she removes	the twist of wire	
passing monarchs	a few leaves flutter	to the road	
gray drizzle	for miles and miles	this road I'm on	
piercing stones	all along the promenade	cicadas and ringtones	
the flycatcher's	last sliver of sun	on the ridge	
rain on the roof	my breath stirs a cobweb	in the corner	
dog chases mouse needing food	ends up with a house with mouse	under never having mouse dinner.
jumping ice cubes	all over the floor	... a hair in my whiskey	
spring thunder?	from the center of a pine stump	a pine	
midday heat	the sheen of fish scales	on the pier	
blue sky	my neighbor tells	another big fish story	
black fingers	in the dough	a hint of winter	
into the dusk	that ends a century	a roosting bird	
graffiti glistening in the flickering streetlight	
On the pillow	his bouquet of wild flowers	this last day of Spring	
skiing...	i think of the ants	beneath the snow	
awake at 3 am	she drags her kimono	from room to room	
spring rain	my garden	still in packets	
shooting star . . .	the young girl wishes	for a white horse	
her hum the shapes never changing back	in the kaleidoscope	
happy hour outdoors	the complimentary	sunset	
yellowed envelope	holding your golden curls	spring cleaning	
cherry blossoms	shedding in the moonlight	the Milky Way	
transplanting jasmine	a family of woodlice	expropriated	
mourning dove calls...	my elderly neighbor stills	the sound of her hoeing
fiddlehead fern	the way it rolls	off the tongue	
day moon??	another armful	of shriveled corn	
church bell	the smell	of snow	
autumn leaves	a religious pamphlet	left on the bridge	
ripened corn	i write the last line	to my thesis	
the secluded creek	of our childhood	still deep in places	
distant thunder??	a bumble bee hums	in the morning glory	
old railway tunnel?	still hearing the sound	of birdsong	
night birth a lamb shakes fluids into the sleet
woodsmoke	the last long weekend	of the summer
quilting circle	we rearrange pieces	of our lives	
with each hop	of the waterline crow	a lifting of teal	
reddening sky	the car park empties	gull by gull	
home for Christmas	the fruitcake we always	pretended to like	
clear vause o roses -	deep in the watter	muckle breers	
outdoor market	caged parakeets hang	with the chickens	
late summer?	baring the tan line	on my wrist	
a warm breeze	before the clock alarm	star jasmine	
first frost -	a twirl of yellow leaves	as the bus passes	
almost Christmas	thinking how best to reveal	that dad beats mum	
overgrown grapevine	unsigned divorce papers	heavy in my hand	
a cajun song	in the evening air	lilacscent	
traffic tie-up	a fisherman on the bridge	casts a long line	
temple courtyard	through the morning fog	peach blossoms	
driving towards	crematorium along	the frozen road	
alang wi voar	her herr	growein back agane	
in one room	everything she has	and a window
mid-winter	the heart of sweetbox	thru an open gate	
summer's end?	beachstore buckets on dusty shelves	anyoldhow	
a purple haze	across the hairgrass??	scent of her perfume	
continental divide??	a bumblebee gathers pollen	from both slopes	
light snow?	the cookie sheet warps	in the oven	
a hawk flies high	traffic crawls	on the highway	
untwisting	the rose bud	spring rain	
into old pots and pans	thrown out in the backyard	the musical rain
sunny afternoon	the scent of leaf mold	mixed in the ice	
a hawk searches	the dry grass	sundogs	
a steady rain	the dentists drill	turning to snow
the root cellar's	bare bulb	deep winter	
shortest day	a sparrow chirps	in the dark	
imagining?my?last?breath	the?narrow?trail?to	a?familiar?mountain	
cody writes a lot	of haikus, and deserves to	get an award yeah
brooklyn bridge walkway	bombsquad found a stray backpack	homeland traffic jam	
a moonless night	the old car's muffler	leaves sparks in its wake	
city horse tethered	the ancient grassland	in both eyes	
for a lovely   bowl   let us arrange these   flowers...   since there is no rice
a lullaby	turning to whisper . . .	moonrise	
pale sun	the frozen river holds	deep shadows	
June swings from warm to cold	I recall my ex	mother in law	
distant fog-horns	long cries	of the sea-birds	
drawing me	to the edge	canyon wren	
old pines	each one leans	apart	
wild mustard??	to all the wishes wished here	add this one of mine	
first day alone	a breeze fills my lap	with plum blossoms	
enigmatic you,	treading the elusive day	away from me now.
worship a woman,	she bares the seeds of all life,	love her forever.
snow in the forecast??	some extra spice	in the jambalya	
morning fog	graffiti artists are	busy working	
the hobo frets fast	in a desert,very vast	then he burst in flames
short scale -	his son tells the puddles	after the rain	
shady sidewalk	an acorn lands	in a hopscotch square	
snowy?owl	the?moon'slicing?pathways	through?the?woods	
sunday lunch	the chatter of children	among hard drinkers	
fast moving clouds	my grandson finds stones	that fit his hands	
november night	with the sound of pelting rain	the barking dog	
farm stand??	a pie in each basket	of apples	
rabbits at market,	their furs pulled off like mittens?	shiny, newborn limbs.	
the unfading	sun in your face	amaranth	
dancing	above the hedgerow	just her hat	
all the answers	in the back of the book??	summer solstice	
the first cool night??	nearly forgotten faces	alive in dreams	
break fumette	three Santas with beards	décapotées	
autumn wind	my daughter in the back yard	dancing	
base of the falls	a rainbow	breaks into foam	
hail -	the tip of the breast	between the thumb and index	
3-block main street	the waitress asks if we want	menus
loggerheads	lace trails tatted	in the sand	
eviction	i pack the pieces	of my favorite bowl
autumn colors	seeping into the mist??	water down my collar	
overdue	the librarian's	smile
spring wind	scattered the flowers of magnolia	nineteen years	
winter solitude	the lima beans soaking	in half-moonlight
spring afternoon	her buttocks peek out	from my shirt	
sparrow song	two ladies on the verandah	just before the rain	
autumn wind	a line of red traffic lights	becomes sunset	
blue on blue	a dragonfly taps	the skylight
subzero	the icicles filled	with moonlight	
fossil stone	skipping it	the same	
cicada chorus??	a circle of freshmen	share a smoke	
too late	to call him dad	autumn leaves	
lambing	the smell of wet sweaters	fills the barn	
the price of rice	goes up	I start hoarding sake	
the robin's song	garlic shoots	lift the soil	
hot night	at the filling station	songs of love
solstice birthday	blowing out a candle	for each decade	
Splat!	a windshield and a bug	find Each Other	
winter's cold	dreaming	of my ex-wife	
moonlit pasture	my shadow	chirps	
day shrink	the parched petaside	is not as great	
a whiff of jasmine	as she unties her hair?	hint of rain	
dead-end road	at the edge of the field	a new-born calf	
autumn maple	a gust of yellow scatters	the childs laughter
spring longing??	following animal tracks	as far as i can	
rural school . . .	the shy smiles of children	waiting for the bus	
morning sun	the honeybee's abdomen	pulses	
watching summer clouds	thoughts shaping and	reshaping	
autumn equinox -	all the crows celebrating	with grave offerings	
parting...	the clatter of train tracks	into dark	
freight train	a load of snow	going south	
barren trees	even the tiniest twig	embraced by the mist	
winter day??	too tired to make the clouds	anything but clouds	
first frost	the smell of dust	burning in the ducts	
the level drops	legs flamingos	lengthen	
full moon		peering into	the half-built house
June cold snap	the next-door neighbor's	house for sale	
road-testing	her electric car	the silence of stars	
a mind of its own	the gate to the school yard	in the spring breeze	
spray art	the cherry knows	no bounds	
cold snap	the refrigerator freezes	the lettuce	
long day . . .	the lizard's hind leg	stretched too far	
spanning	the canyon wind	california condor	
voices of autumn -	the patter of raindrops	on my rooftiles	
the scent	of thawing earth	distant dinner bell	
bike tail lights	a lingering smell	of perfume	
past midnight	public television	lights up the room	
cold snap	the rattle of a rake	over stones	
words	we've left unsaid-	Indian summer	
zen garden	in the raked furrows	pine needles gather
easter sunday	neighbours on their knees	weeding
birdbath	the rising sun	splashed with bluejays	
mid February	the first garden seeds display	at the hardware store	
ice moon . . .	an elk touches its tongue	to the salt lick	
wine moon	the heat in the kitchen	so close	
lemon slice moon	a kite glides past	the palmyra palm	
the heat wave broken	morning coffee sweetened	with a cool breeze	
hanging the   lantern   on that full white   blooming bough...   exquisite your care!
spring cleaning	our cat curled up	in the give-away box	
brilliant blue sky	I finally washed	my windows	
blue sky	no milk left	for the kittens	
she wears tight blue jeans	and hijab	July Fourth	
honky-tonk bar	a tomcat steps out	into the night	
fireplace shadows	the smell of melted snowflakes	on loden cloth	
continental divide	i look for the place	to                    pee
snow-covered cornfield	the wild geese	in rows	
long winter days and nights	sleepless nights ahead	newborn baby cries.
the open gate	to an empty field	country graveyard
friend's dog	shakes the avon river	all over our lunch	
moon phase	the welfare check	comes on the fifth	
as if it were spring	the green mold	on the cheese
winter light	flour, sugar, and the canister	that held dog biscuits	
old mas	left - Release	at the foot of the olive trees	
on the hill	flock of scattered houses	without a shepherd	
sleepless night	learning the shape	of darkness	
after a cold night	a cup of coffee -	oh, man!	
will we meet   again   here at your   flowering grave...   two white butterflies?
warmth -	after sand galleries	our hands are joined	
all these stars	she ties another knot	in her embroidery
well-trodden rut	a line of heifers	watch me pass	
sunburst . . .	bits of river	through the mangroves	
the meadowlark	holding down the fencepost	with song	
flattened grass	where the bear slept	stink of salmon	
lonely butterfly	in the quiet morning light	where are you going?	
long the summer   day ...   patterns on   the ocean sand...   our idle footprints
scent of rain??	all the ways	we failed each other	
shy girl	first to notice	the hummingbird's tongue	
tonight	disrupts a moorhen	the Great Bear	
leaving?their?echoes?ringing	woodpeckers debugging	boards in the barn	
swarm of tiny wings	fades out in the autumn sky-	unfinished journal	
snow turns to rain -	wondering when	it all went wrong	
transit lounge	the toppled suitcase	left that way
starlings gossip	amused at our lovemaking	the quivering limbs	
in the open   shop   paperweights on   picture books...   young springtime breeze
counting the lines	on my neck??	magpie song	
summer passing	the yard flamingo's	rusty legs
sea oats	a beachball blows	between dunes	
wild roses??	the iron trellis	tilts to one side	
october frost	the tread of the landlord	on crisp brown leaves	
deep in the forest	deep in the night	cuckoo	
autumn chill	time for a hot bowl	of chili	
one more doctor	enters the room	autumn snow	
on the way to work	a hot air balloon	up in the mist
bounding ahead	over mountain roads	the full moon	
freeze warning	light from the arc welder	brightens the night	
dampened weeds	weaving them over and under	spokes of the basket	
hopscotch	a one legged man	raises cane
the morning moon	accompanying me	to my new job	
swirling wind	the salty tongue	of my snow boot	
after winter sesshin	sharing tea	silence	
almost full moon	knowing what's for dinner	I still check it out	
childless	i measure time	by how the willow grows	
rising sun	the shadow three times bigger	than the bird	
snuffed out candles	the lingering scent	of her life	
after the dream	the scent of approaching rain	in the dusty air	
almost dusk	the quarrel of children	in the treehouse	
back to school	unlearning	the whole summer	
willow scent	hangs a kingfisher	in the air	
Market Lunel	not designed panties	for the cold	
just as i decide	what kind of bird it is??	its call	
winter night??	the moon absorbed	by her nightgown	
wolf moon	the sway	of her hips	
flooded plain??	fence tops show which water	belongs to whom	
first peepers	blue smoke blowing	into dusk	
sold sign	the nest	in the leafless tree	
in moonlight	swish of owl wings, this heartstab:	glitter can gloss blight	nearby, a bell tolls changes
all that sound	from a single sparrow??	winter morning	
searing heat?	a passing bus stirs	the first row of cotton	
a train trip	to mongolia . . .	winter stars	
stepping stones	she moves	a little closer	
freshly shaved legs	and washed my sheets today	going to bed bliss	
pine scent in the air??	a memory of mem?re	cleaning house	
I put on my socks	she talks to me	of carbohydrates	
in the twilight	flights of cormorants	and lapping of waves	
sandstorm . . .	the scent of rain	from somewhere	
cheerleaders	the synchronized bounce	of pony-tails	
morning haze	I postpone	cleaning my windows	
rain clouds	a river frog's head	pops back down	
pastry shop	so many candy smiles	around me	
hazy afternoon	the woodpecker's call	bounces off the ice	
third blizzard??	the untuned piano's	middle c	
not to die, guilty?	fallen soldiers overlook	old men in afghans
the mailbox	captive in snowdrift	a letter from war	
clear skies	a solitary crow	on a high-voltage wire	
swamp sunset?	the dragonfly rises	from a lily pad	
first warm day	the bodybuilder	makes his pecs dance	
a trout erupts	through iridescent ripples	summer sunset	
a few leaves remain	at the ends of the branch	a brittle moon	
snowman's eye	sinking in	the spring rain
low tide	dusk collecting	in the shells	
autumn rain	on a telephone wire	someone's jump rope	
quiet pier	the milky way spills	into the sea
spattered and faded	his index card recipe	of navy bean soup
shooting stars	a splash of sea salt	brightens the soup	
in my palm	her bigger breasts	winter sun	
snowy day??	nothing ordinary	about an orange	
fragrant irises	the boy asks	where babies come from	
old photo	I recognize	my father's silence	
kitchen conversation	we allow the dusk	to linger awhile	
river sunset	above my head a circle	of buzzards	
hay baler	in its wake, a swathe	of cricket song	
two willows??	each its own way	with the wind	
cold winter sky	intertwined branches	of an old beaver lodge	
creekbed . . .	curlews poke their bills	the whole way in	
a wild rose	inside the caterpillars? tent??	ocean sunrise	
the ant returns	after being flicked . . .	autumn loneliness	
white clouds drift	in the August sky,	a child dreams	
blizzard	the last toothpick tops	the tower	
First day of Autumn	even your touch feels	somewhat cooler	
Purple nights	fold into morning	whiteouts,	your silence frosts	my first cup of coffee.	
June morning	a line of ants	at the subway entrance	
scattered clouds;	lives not mine	walk the window ledge
nobody home	the evangelists	talk to the dog	
still wandering	the empty corridor	cheap perfume	
brown eyes black coffee,	i woke up early today,	and it was snowing.
first night	in the new bedroom . . .	wisteria	
suncatchers	in the shop window	she smiles back	
low tide	waiting for grandchildren	to happen	
rain falls	the Roman aqueduct	found water	
no stars	in the sky tonight	hungry carp	
night of stars -	moths circle	the street lamp	
benefit cuts	her letter to santa	goes unanswered	
jacaranda flowers	the twin tracks	of a car	
Lost in the hubbub	on the opposite platform	the shouting match	
dying moon	the arc of a bush moth	into the light	
Buenos Aires tango	at the end of an alley	the Big Dipper	
captain mot has a	hot which he likes to wear a	lot during school days
September Eleven morning	in a coffee shop	the silence	
sunday in autumn	neighbor needs money	for her cancer meds	
april fool's day?	a skylark's song	way over my head	
autumn mist	my neighbour asks me	what I do	
wet feet	from the same rain??	the elevator stops at our floor	
jogging at dusk	around the neighborhood	the smell of garlic	
sunset . . .	waves break	into darkness	
her owl	(as if it were hers)	holed up	in the old oak
yard sale	the empty fishbowl	still wet
his ninety-seventh	the white peony nods	in table sunshine	
summer solstice	the backyard venus	knee-deep in weeds
late-night quarrel	the moon	above it all	
losing track	of my thoughts the flight	of a butterfly	
anti social behaviour -	all night the wind	kicks a can around	
sunlight shines red	through my father's thumb	on the steering wheel
snow before dark	the field bundled	into bales	
hot blue sky	lamb's blood	on the rook's tongue	
the remnants	of a hurricane arrive	and his mother-in-law	
in the ballot box	hopes his ideals	reduced to ashes	
a moment alone	in the desert of iraq	her damaged photo	
autumn chill -	the silence	of the bee hive	
long night	the waterfall's	icy silence,	
fireworks??	her handprint evaporates	from the cold glass	
a wing	in each world	the'stingray?breaks?the'surface	
almost soundless	the slowing stream	heavy with autumn	
stopping here	while all around us moves wind in the mist	
from dark windy   hills   voices driving   weary horses ...   shouting of the storm
snowflakes whirl	in the headlights?	ghost stories	
undecided voter	half a moon hangs	in the noon sky	
drumming rain	a patchwork of dreams	just before waking	
spring snow	a little remains	on the stolen car	
the empty barrel	still smells of apples . . .	november snow	
cruel autumn   wind   cutting to the   very bones...   of my poor scarecrow
cold morning rain:	all the swoosh is gone	from the fallen leaves	
first light--	the tree explodes	with blackbirds
temple steps??	his shoes	in the autumn rain	
afterglow	a white heron vanishes	in the rising fog	
Gallo's hand	at sunrise	from the east	
snowmelt . . .	she enters	the earth on her knees
traffic stopped -	the morning sky loaded	flights of starlings	
the old oak tree	where we first kissed	marked with an "X"	
lemon blossom	accidentally picked	perfumes the whole room	
my father's hammer	warm again	in my hand
mackerel sky	the final wave	before you board
father's day	the height	of the lighthouse	
a still, starry night??	train tracks	wet with dew	
the wind carries	scent of mimosa	between the antennas	
first dance -	the moon	in her hair	
long night moon	one more load of wood	before dark	
snow warning	the bend in the hemlock	furrows her brow	
dandelions	I lose sight of	the yellow butterfly	
quitting time	snowflakes blend	with the crowd	
a blue-black feather glistens with rain another unexplained bruise	
long summer	another dog	snarls at me	
late-winter twilight	he comes home	without the dog	
soft rain	a frog leaps from	one leaf to another	
crackling fire??	her breath	smells of cinnamon	
heavy rain	the rotten boat	tries to float again	
first	in the last trash bag??	the box it came in	
but when i   halted   on the windy street   at twilight...   snow struck against me
the dog and i	on the moonlit dock	scratching bug bites	
stone fountain	the blind girl drinks	with cupped hands	
a murder of crows	sit on a rickety fence	waiting for something
first snow	some time left	on the parking meter
first light??	trying to untangle	birdsong	
blank date book-	the gray afternoon	turns to white	
so enviable...   maple-leaves   most glorious   contemplating death
The Holy Land	no heat no food no water	craters	
little pawprints	in the concrete	from the lost kitten	
christmas shopping??	my daughter's lip rolls	into her mother's pout	
ice-cold morning	even the dog	holds her water	
the hollow sound	of sacred earth landing	six feet below	
steady rain	where the bookstore	used to be	
purple scented air	hovering over the lilacs	transient moment	
april shower . . .	she says her chalk flower has	grown a little	
morning sleet	someone at the bus stop	humming	
the almost	of crabapple buds	hazy sky	
Deep autumn	The apple colder	In the tree.	
humid night	a small child's crying	wavers to a stop	
summer solstice	the bright spaces between	long tree shadows	
warm afternoon	a fly with nowhere	to go	
for tonight enough	the stars ...	the black sky	
raven's cry	all the partings	still to come	
in the walled garden	the scent	of decaying apples	
a new school year??	one long blast	of the bus driver's horn	
morning frost	lifting white socks higher	the neighbour's cat	
the church fills	with smells of overcoats??	morning mist	
shadows fade	into a glowing fog bank	winter geese	
drifting up	into old aspen trees??	the sound of checkers	
mile high . . .	adding my breath	to the clouds	
turning leaves	red, white and blue bunting	covers the mailbox	
if onlys,	what ifs??	twilight	
winter morning	a ring of cattails	holds the mist	
first christmas?	my daughter plays	with a cardboard box	
lightning   flash, crash...   waiting in the   bamboo grove   see three dew-drops fall
white sun ::	an inch of snow	on the lawnmower	
evening thunder	robin calls echo	across the park	
lamp light	buddha's features	flicker	
letting go	the heart	of a sparrow
light snowfall?	the tick of an engine	cooling	
ancient ghetto?	in the bakery windows	sunlit challah	
snowflakes	a frog-shaped stone	by the pond	
return home	on the trail walls	but not the history	
scorching heat??	the shrilling of cicadas	pierces me	
day winding down	the pink flick	of a lizard's tongue	
moonlight?	fractures	in the crystal dragon	
power failure	watching the moon	instead of tv	
shifting house	hokusai's	rolled up on the floor	
phantom pain	the shape of her	in a stranger
he winds up His watch	n Carefully That morning	That will end the war	
cocktail lounge	the more we order	the more the waitress leans	forward	
Saturday night rain	a couple eye the lobsters	in a water tank	
easter sunrise;	gun towers overshadow	the prison graveyard	
long centipede	on the ceiling- long talks	of what to do	
juice from the apple	runs into my beard	as i wait for you
day-long downpour . . .	dressing the children	for the ex-wife's wedding	
february dawn	the rhubarb rises	a deeper red	
crescent moon	bare arms brush	evening primrose	
summer rain	my umbrella	stays closed	
saying goodbye . . .	the fence we painted	face to face	
bus stop	under a mango tree?	the squeak of fruit bats	
summer thermal	a wheel of ravens	spins out of sight	
one turtle's foot	on another's back	labor day	
morning sun	field too small	for the horse's shadow	
start of a journey?	petals stuck	in the tire treads	
dawn grey	the scratch of a claw	from the sleeping dog
hot day	a crow makes	the hawk flap	
flay all the hobos	flay all the hobos alive	their hides are so thick
summer squall	lily pads	hold the pond in place	
Metro Morning	this urine odor	tenacious	
Cautiously the cat with each step measuring	the depth of the snow.	
nameless falls	a water ouzel	at rainbow's end	
house hunt??	our dog inspects	all corners	
night	curled spider	at the corner of walking	
in the mirrors on her dress	little pieces of my	self
kite string	between father	and son	
town landfill	old timers	arguing politics	
morning sun	cherry petals drying	on a turtle's back	
Spring morning	your hand on my breast	a bird	
autumn sun	my shadow over	tombstones	
the red-deer herd	packed tightly together	winter sunlight	
june bugs	under the street lamp	our goodnight kiss	
crevasse	my shadow's head	disappears	
playing bowls,	playing at cards...	old warriors	
pale sun flickers	across the buddha's face	pulse of crickets	
eye of the storm?	deep in the current	a gold leaf turns	
timber train	a thought about	auschwitz	
contractions	the darkness	between stars
winter night?	the big dipper	spills darkness	
dawn-tinged window	a cicada?'s w e l l s	into its song	
walking meditation	I pass through	a cloud of breath	
thin crescent...	I wonder what	she meant by that	
smoke on the wind	midnight's every breath	tastes of fire	
on the roof	with a row of mops	soaking up the sun	
death watch??	clouds connect the sky	one end to the other	
neighbor's quarrel	a climbing rose stretched	over the fence	
from the teahouse	the smell of must	fallen cherry leaves	
spring evening	the children's promise	not to get cold
the sun's warmth	part of the house	we seldom use	
evening star	the skiff's wake whispers	in the reeds	
a persistant whistle	in the grosbeak's song?	the fading moon	
low tide??	stones that have dried	among those that haven?t	
morning tempête-	the toaster in the kitchen	in its place	
through a slice	in the sunset sky	new moon	
life alone	licking	the ladle	
dirt road??	ahead and behind	falling leaves	
mom	with the slant in her back	and the sail in her hair	
winter break	I hope I'll be home	for the crocuses	
through two marriages	framed behind beethoven	your picture
autumn deepens...	these tiny pink flowers	on my wildest weeds	
i dream of a room	it was a makeshift home	i talk to myself.
memorial	day??	the mockingbird	repeats his song	
her well-tanned shoulders	wrapped in a sweater	the end of summer	
our greeting	between the honks	returning geese	
beautiful blue	the pattern in your eyes	before death drained their color	and left you in that vacant room	to dream of open skies	
rain turning to snow	a beggar in the subway	that no one believes	
my teenager	folding paper samurai	spring wind	
crushed shell	in the morning light	the snail's last movements	
out of its slipper	her bare foot talking	under the table
old frog	up to his ears	in moonlight
mountains, but not stone?	white sculptures too pure for hands.	i break like a wave.	
emptying my bag . . .	the pebble makes me	think of the hill again	
rivulets	on a foggy window	the cancer's spread	
two crows	into a headwind	skittering leaves	
cemetery??	the scent of muskmelon	from the next hill	
heavy fog??	the mountain still back there	out of sight	
under the endless rain	the gray spot	the colors of the arena	
storm warning...	a street corner argument	Many turns heads	
in these dark   waters   drawn up from   my frozen well ...   glittering of spring
cactus bloom	i decide to forgive	myself	
rain stopped	the sunflower drips	into its shadow	
the storm passes,	sunlight	on the back of a sheep	
a row of canoe paddles	hanging on a rail?	evening stillness	
morning chill	a child's shadow	moves thru mine	
the old man	closes the shadow	in his hand
day moon -	the girl brushing her hair	smiles suddenly	
first cold snap	all the quilts	still at the cleaners	
country road	i quietly cross	the equator	
winter park -	white wings and blue lights	flashing	
rustling leaves	fear as old as	the forest itself	
child's kiss	swirling snow	melting as it lands
on hold??	the rain	turning to snow	
Rainbows reflected	in So Many potholes	afternoon rainstorm	
january sun	the long pause between	icicle drips	
pioneer cemetery?	here and there a name	faces heavenward	
crabs fallen in love	combing the trees of the moon-	waves after waves
running down	fight illiteracy	the gangs red paint
flashes of lightning	across the pasture --	sheared sheep
January walk	Santa Claus and a flag	in a neighbor's window	
blistering heat	a child frightens me	with a rubber spider	
sad news	the blur of reading	through tears	
meditating and	resplendent in sunlight	she finally swats the fly	
another test	another doctor visit	long winter nights	
from the box	He makes a peep	golden star	
brisk breeze	the wayward kite stretching	a boy taut	
winter day's end...	a bowl of brown rice miso,	warm in the hands	
tools rusting	unused on the work bench	a faucet dripping
summer sidewalk -	drops of rain	steam	
suzukaze ya	ubune no nobori	mijikayoru	
at opposite ends	of the reading room	ex-lovers	
the short night??	sleeping on top	of the covers	
no room for doubt	the swallow's	red throat	
christmas dinner??	the handle broken off	a tradition	
moonbeams??	the thin legs	of a new frog	
taking the short way	the toes of her shoes	damp with dew	
city window	mountains and pines	etched in frost
Summer sunset	she ties her bikini top	before she gets up	
the bootprints end??	the brook keeps flowing	into the deep woods	
first snow in each school window	a face	
fields of corn stretching	as far as the eye can see	within             a lost child
aged painter	trembling leaves	from the tip of his brush	
two ravens	talking on the edge?	satellite dish	
white	the pages of my notebooks	I do not like winter	
sunset -	glass towers	light	
passerby, why hurry?	the dogwood blossoms	are in full bloom	
spring moonset	a rice ball for	breakfast	
the?east?coast'storm?in?her?voice	
breakwater rocks??	where i left off yesterday	the morning tide	
our cab ride	one love song long&nbsp?	spring moon	
deserted stadium	the caretaker kicks	a goal	
hobos are really	on mondays, and tuesdays they	are with a guitar
my daughter's graduation	tightening the knot	on my necktie	
the garden butterfly?	my daughter not close enough	then too close	
distant thunder??	a load of swamp drops	from the backhoe	
dusk	the last whistle of something	as I turn on a reading light	
spring sun	her urn gathers	the whole family	
low tide -	the smell of a waffle	at the water's edge	
crushed mosquito	red line on the floor	subway in may	
tempest in a teapot	my mother	serves me decaf	
full moon	the silence of birds	expanding	
walking home from church	sun on the other side	of my face	
homesick-	sundown just behind	the fence	
february storm	my ratty blue volvo	under plum petals	
deep in thought	the pitcher plant	wide open	
a sioux tunic	embroidered with elk teeth	behind smudged glass	
silver paper glints ...	her death's anniversary	origami cranes	
highway interchange -	the crescent moon passes	in the rear window	
full moon	all the places	you could be	
zazen	Attempting to awaken	I fall asleep	
summer solstice	the old canal lock	cranked wide open	
the grey cranes at dusk	bending in a line along	the crooked fenceposts
silhouetted trees	against a hazy moon?	end of vacation	
melting bitumen	the beetle and i	reduced to a crawl	
country diner	a ceiling fan turns	paper snowflakes	
at dusk a small witch	offers a homeless man	her bag of treats
summer rain...	a dog and cat	share the doghouse	
bedtime	my children pray	for snow	
awakened	by moonlight	an old regret	
Saturday night	a carriage horse	flirts with another	
and there lies the ocean,	so grey and deep,	a bobbing yacht.	
twilight	the scent of orange blossoms	lingers	
ocean fog	the mumble of eiders	gathered offshore	
April warms up	the cat has	a new friend	
foggy studio window??	the primary colours	lined up in jars	
autumn with alzheimer -	she breaks the bread	..... .. carefully	
mist shrouded river	the faint line	of oyster beds
last blackberries	again she playfully	tells me to shush	
sunlight	through a snail shell	and the snail	
tsunami . . .	untangling	my knotted rosary	
bullfrog moon	silence goes	where the heron goes	
bend in the road	the plodding turtle	curves its neck	
the metallic tang of deer's blood	Dominates the forest	
afternoon fog	the cat watches TV	instead of the window	
a sudden tinkling	of the wind bell	winter stars
no rain for days??	a half-eaten apple taken away	from the fruit flies	
steeltown christmas?	drizzle blurs	the neon welcome	
flowing estuary	native languages	long gone
dusk . . .	the home plate umpire	brushes it off again	
drifting leaves	the postman	stops to talk	
night comes with a chill	the party's over for now	until the next time...
Spring day	cool and grey	cup of tea	
the distant mountain	reflected in his eyes...	dragonfly
a wild violet	on the sunny hill	noon time nap	
the horned moon??	a grub in one hand	a seed in the other	
hail on the train-	a young woman's leg	straddles her boyfriend's	
house for sale	the dandelions allowed	to bloom	
high desert	the weathered rock	gives up a shell	
early morning	a sparrow's wingbeats	through the stillness	
spring equinox	chaise lounge claimed	by the swollen river
i don't why life	has to be so rough	so confusing
only the glow	of a paper lantern	new moon	
last berries the weight of a squirrel	on the branch end	
a construction site	on a Winter day	got sand in my shoes	
my missing pen	the cat pretends sleep	on a winter's eve	
autumn deepens -	I wonder what my neighbour	is writing today?!	
when you think	you?ve heard it all??	brown thrasher	
sunrise??	the new calf fumbles	at an udder	
clear day . . .	a painted turtle	takes the plunge	
cry of the killdeer	river stones	worn smooth	
square?anti-abortion'signs	dry?leaves?curl	in?the'shadows	
election fever?	my preschooler inks his	index finger	
summer evening	friends compete	to thread my needle	
Reflects the mirror	a face I know so well	dad's	
Saturday night fog	too many women	wear pants	
in a semi circle	retired sisters watch	"wheel of fortune"
between oven and fridge	three wrinkled apricots	skin against skin	
two moons	somewhere between ports	she tells him it's over	
spent shotgun shells	our legs find the rhythm	of the tracks	
cousteau museum??	on the exotic fish	our family's grin	
summer dusk	a white flag waves	from the tree house	
stock market report	a stalled car	in the intersection	
cold morning	the saw's song changes	in the heartwood
fallen apple??	the bruise from the earth	cut off	
Bookseller showcase -	discolored blankets	novels of summer	
a man without love,	is a man without a soul,	a man without hope.
raining	last night's baked chicken	tonight's curried soup	
new year's snow	the tracks of creatures	that went by in the night
rain of stars	the eyes of wish-makers	sparkle with hope	
the War on Horror	G.I.'s on hashish kill	Afghans for sports	
lowered	on lark-song	his coffin	
laughing bouncy ball	shines bright across the playground	rain clouds disappear
summer dusk	a little milk	left in his glass	
frost burn	high windows blaze	with sunlight	
orion rising	in the eastern sky	we compare secrets	
the paramedic feeling	for a pulse	fireflies
christmas night	the little corner store	last to close	
blackened walnut	left unopened	winter solstice
fall migration	the phone lines busy	gathering birds	
ninth-inning tie	the slow shadow of the pitcher	approaches the mound	
fathers funeral	mother	suddenly small
as i sit zazen	the soul of jack kerouac	sits down beside me.
jasmine blossoms	the farmer returns with	fishy dreams	
reply:   bright red pepper-pod ...   it needs but shiny   wings and look...   darting dragon-fly!
season's end	the scent of fish	drifts downstream	
closed garden	passes the wall perfume	oranges	
the poet	sings a new song	sound of rain	
first day of school	her brother's backpack	with legs
Holes in the cloud. A shade of blue I've never seen	
deep in the night	my computer turned off	sound of autumn rain	
as autumn descends	one man is unaffected:	he's called "mega man"
again?i?am?the?last?to?know???rip?tide	
here for me	on a winter night	the kitchen chair	
horizon	wild swan drifting through	the woman's body
catching the twinkle	in frog eyes among the reeds??	old pond jumped in	
sunny morning??	his basket full	of spinning pinwheels	
wild persimmon	autumn sun fills	the last leaf
last light	sounds of crows settling	in the tree	
spring storm	overripe bananas	in the kitchen	
spring will never come	it is always snow, snow, snow	snow, please go away.
snow field??	a raven rises	into its cry	
split milkweed pods??	getting to know him	at his memorial	
dark shadows	trying to make sense	of her x-ray
end of summer	my garden	in one wheelbarrow
tripod holes	in the creekside mud??	yosemite dawn	
autumn twilight	an algebra book open	on the couch	
apples picked	and the casket chosen??	lingering sunset	
childhood home	twilight	as i arrive	
smooth stones	the coolness of water	held in their shapes	
morning rush hour	at the side of the road	wild damsons	
a molting peacock	settled on the gatepost??	dog days	
her answer tatters away	with the wind	a seagull's cry	
her third birthday	tulips bend	under a light snow	
waiting	for the rice to boil	winter moon	
sun-bright morning	dragons of factory smoke	dissolved by wind	
rocky portage	someone familiar	in the stranger's face	
a shy toddler	the rest home seniors	come to life	
the Great Bear	moving on water	spring rain	
flea market shopping	you may have to pay in blood	the bedbugs scare	
new coolness	a pool at the center	of the lupine leaves	
Reading a book	a sudden brightness	the full moon	
cloudy day -	the rainbow flag waves	on a balcony	
shorter days	my medicare card	arrives in the mail	
reunion photo	my long shadow	joins the family	
sipping more than	just tea	the moon in passing	
Best Of Mac Donald	two red snails	on fried	
winter frost??	the sword's sharp shine	out of the sheath	
easter egg hunt	the smell of onion grass	on my son's breath	
crisp wind	the taste of the apple	just after picking it	
autumn afternoon	in the cemetery	every bench taken	
bleak morning	her footprints	filled with rain	
maroon recliner	unwanted in the corner	motionless sea	
winter noon	a branch drips	on its shadow	
harbor sunset??	lovers stroll	in reflected light	
soft-shell crabs??	the toddler shows off	her belly button	
the fat cat	sits halfway home	squash blossoms	
sipping tea . . .	pine needles brush	my window	
autumn afternoon	the cat's eyes follow	each falling leaf	
irises open or closed	the round mouth	of the iron bell	
dreaming aloud	until the tide	touches our feet	
more news of the war	looking deeper	into my dog's eyes
summer night	the sound of a car	about to go by	
first snow	one child	wakes the others	
walking alone	the way oak leaves	refuse to fall
sudden gust??	the toddler points	in his sleep	
spring flies	Above my head buzz	E flat	
my world once so dark	light has become mute, like pitch	impenetrable
apple peelings a slow drip	the rain left	
a moth	has extinguished the icon lamp?	shining stars	
waning moon	my parents visit	comes to an end	
no other sound??	just spring rain dripping	through wisteria	
first day of spring	the murmuring pulse	of raven wings	
heart drawn in dust	by the old indian . . .	rain
its fragile grip lost	a leaf drifts gently to earth -	winter calls us home
deep in discussion	my father's hands	untangle our fishing lines	
cry of the peacock widens the crack in the adobe wall
morning fog	a street artist	draws with charcoal	
hard to tell you	how i feel . . .	this late autumn sky	
morning stillness	a dandelion seed	hovers	
Low squared	on the beautiful legs woman	- Sudoku?	
partly cloudy—	I remember the face	but not the name	
closed louvers	a mourning dove	filters through
alone at the bar	the missing letters	in a neon light	
fishing village	a rumor of blues running	through the caf?	
a bit of rust	on the chevy's fender	harvest moon
too curious   flower   watching us pass,   met death...   our hungry donkey
valentine's morning	returning redpolls	alight on fresh snow
spring rain scent	a puppy tumbling	at my heels
first snow	today i?ll wash	the dishes by hand	
autumn breeze	evergreen's lowest branches	brush fallen needles	
trying to tune in	a song of the soul but my	reception is bad	
daybreak	trotting down the sidewalk	one gray coyote	
giant moon...	the bark of a dog echoes	over the fence	
mountain meadow	the fog, the deer	in silent retreat	
cold sky	a trolley headlight	cresting the hill	
thin crescent	she closes	the curtains	
whale watching	a distant cloud rains	into the sea	
spring melancholy	a field of rape flowers	gone to seed	
sound of the dog	getting through	to the marrow	
special guest	moving the cherrywood bowl	into sunlight	
her last breath . . .	the strings vibrating	on her dusty harp	
equinox	an 18-wheeler crossing	the double yellow line	
first autumn rain	under firs summer lingers	in scented dust	
white dew	on the clover -	Moon day	
towpath -	dissolved fog	the blue-gray heron	
fallout	she said it felt lighter	than snow
scent of blossoms . . .	her house at the end	of the avenue	
rain scented air	a thousand frogs	croaking	
brilliant Venus drips	from a gold crescent moon	this night as the first	the eve of thirty years	veiled in ultramarine	
final phase	the bedside nurse	reads a fairy tale.	
spring cleaning	long neglected baseball cards	see the light of day	
summer day	a census taker pushes	the rusty bell	
blazing sun	i tell her	what i really think	
the coming of summer-	all the petals	i brushed off my hair	
winter night	the slow circling	of the bar rag	
Independence Day	after the rainy morning	a sunny afternoon	
the eyes	of a scarecrow	harvest lightning	
contemplating	nightfall	the stone buddha	
open cellar door	faint voice of a grasshopper	lulls baby to sleep
labor day	and still	No labor	
spring rain the cat's pink nipples
noon light	the stillness of fish	in a heron's eye
the newborn's hand	brushes my breast	white camellias
last season -	the traces of the buttocks	in seats	
years later	mist still gathers	in the same hollow	
at the cemetery	increase every year	my stops	
midwinter thaw	last night i dreamed	my dad was alive	
chilly dawn	rain-bent briars	block the trail	
Glacial wind -	dead leaves crowd	on the stone threshold	
winter solstice	the Persian cat's half-	closed eyes	
sudden hail	the argument breaks off	mid-sentence	
first warm day	looking for eagles	and finding the sky	
Just a small basketball	filled with hidden treasures	she proudly caries	
cold night	a cricket's	insistent mantra	
trick-or-treat	a sailboat's name	reflects in the sea
weather alert	behind the closed shutters	a snail	
opening night...	missing the entrance	of the night blooming cereus
black cars drive themselves	suits, wind flutters pages, me	buried in my clothes	
a cockroach climbs the wall	Charles Darwin is today	two hundred	
did you leave	and the day seems	getting colder	
August moon	countless raindrops to measure	the length of the day	
spring breeze	smell of flowers and	starch	
first dance??	the moon	in her hair	
evening swallows...	the last green of summer	rolled up in bales	
moon hare-	bloody gloves lay	on the ice	
at the cemetery	by moonlight...talking	with shadows	
a darkest point	in the snow ultrasound	full autumn moon	
first days of summer...	already the leaves gather	beneath the sycamores
senior center	dust collects on	origami cranes	
falling snow...	she brings his urn closer	to the window	
butterfly shadows 	not finding	the butterfly
icy wind	a shiver	in the blackbird's song	
a lightning strike gives up a flower
strawman	morning sunlight glitters	on his coat of ice	
under the pergola	red foil	- Easter Monday	
peach moon...	the thin slice left	for us	
low tide -	quartered in the fort	the corpse of a dog	
raking the leaves	wind blows	the wrong way	
a single snowdrop is	rising in the furtive way-	this snow-white triumph	in last night in furtive way,	this white triumph
outer space	limbs of the bare oak reach	the farthest stars	
Snow sky -	buy a carrot	for man	
cloud light	the cows turned out	in the harvested field
train nap	leaning back	into a conversation
closing time	winter dusk slides down	the book drop	
first snow...	filling the emptiness	of a curled leaf
incoming tide...	your breasts	rise and fall	
here and there	breaking through the dusk's mist	bright lights	
mating season	a marsh hawk commits himself	to the somersault	
the crammed beak	of a blackbird??	summer rain	
outdoor caf?	the dog takes interest	in my interest	
Fountain pen ink spill	not contained by a blotter	Mare Crisium	
marina --	i cast anchor	near the moon
winter evening	a young woman smiles	from the hair dye box	
family album??	the cherry branches in bloom	now bare	
first locust	a breeze curls across	the ripe wheat	
honeymoon??	the undertow pulls the sand	from beneath my foot	
a sweat bee	stings my hand?	summer heat	
Burial :	Fill 17 feet	haiku	
warm from the dryer	summer clothes	for the suitcase	
evening fog	the cars parked on the beach	have their windows fogged out	
dead leaves and rust	a few things remain	in the fallout shelter	
november dusk	a cloud of sparrows rounds	the weathered silo
snowflakes	new asphalt	in the holes	
orthopaedic clinic	a three-legged chair	outside the entrance	
email flashes up	sullen workload increases	endless lines and lines
after the postman	nothing in the mailbox	except a lizard	
exchanging pleasantries	while hammering	crab shells	
squad car	at the neighbors? again	distant thunder	
fall equinox	a black squirrel running	on the power line	
first frost	golden foliage holds	the sunlight	
tobacco harvest	women in lamplight	tie the quilt	
change in weather	talkative strangers	on a park bench	
tiananmen square	i buy a kite	shaped like a bird	
very cold day	a stuffed bear	stays under the bed covers	
starting a new month	in snohomish county jail;	same old tea bag
dusk coming down	the drift of dry leaves	against my shoes
his sax echoes	in the walkway tunnel	warm wind	
A "Juliet"	in without glass headlights	It has of a grass clump	
red lobster?	her prying glance	through the mist	
hot night	the moon nearly full	the mosquitoes too	
a new light	on the dashboard	evening rain	
silent woods . . .	a growing awareness of	the need to breathe	
winter slump?	wearing out the fabric	of my easy chair	
gray day	smoke from a mill meanders	over the river	
2 am	rain and wind on the island	another insomnia night	
blizzard	another trip	to the game closet	
my cat queen	motion poet	velvet pads
scrabble dictionary	lighting one candle	from another	
evening dusk	the clang of pots and pans	through a marriage	
saying the rosary	a laborer	planting rice	
blinding snow	man and dog tracks	run together	
a winter day	turned warm??	the smell of haylofts	
half light	the river scarred	by a heron
church bells	she leaves her good intentions	in her hymnal	
silver dawn	slug traces iridesce	on the garden path	
mid-puddle	the toddler discovers	his superpower
my cold hands	a scrabble of bird claws	on the guttering	
fly-fishing	a mosquito's buzz	in my ear	
stepping stones	across the stream	your hand small in mine	
snow falling	on the headstones...	just and unjust wars	
mid-february	choosing the sunniest spot	to fill my tank	
warm sunlight	in deep green leaves	the arrow's path	
in the vapor	my cup of tea	the rising moon	
moonless night	remembering	her small breasts	
spring equinox	two pines leaning	into each other
falling leaves	i whisper my secrets	to an old photo	
summer stars	my children ask me	to name a favorite	
river gorge	the long way	through yellow aspen	
new coolness	a cloud passes through	the mountain notch	
high summer	where the shade stops	so does the dog	
October wind	sweeping cobwebs	from the wood pile	
Beware Of Dog sign	the bright pink tongue	of the puppy	
curvaceous woman	vibrates at the edge of you	a dark, sultry lie	
nuthatch	headlong down the oak	vernal equinox	
high noon	a carpenter bee busy	in the hoe handle	
storm clouds brew?	a crone on the mountain road	draws tight her black cloak	
a cool current	where the river deepens	summer sky	
grey skies our late neighbour's pink roses reach over the fence	
open crocuses	wind lifts the feathers	on a starling's throat	
sounds of a downpour . . .	i trace the pillow pattern	on her cheek	
solstice	sipping a stronger brew	in the waning light	
school bus	finally round the bend	lighting a cigarette	
mom's old farm	the gentle curve	of the earth
migrating birds??	i hear his voice in the wind	toward nirvanna	
rhododendronbush:	each bud saved her flower	for this sunny spring.
kite string	unwinding	the wind	
darkened church	she teaches her grandchild	to light a candle	
on the cardboard box	holding the frozen wino:	fragile: do not crush
the wildflowers	that shook the day, piled	in baskets	
a B-52	thunders over the bay	blue heron lifting	
while i turned   my head   that traveler   i'd just passed ...   melted into mist
incessant dark rains	dismal and monotonous-	pushes to dry hills
3:00 a.m.	through sounds of winter rain	the mail plane landing	
smoky moon	a cricket's regular chirp	between the traffic noise	
he wonders: is it	acceptable? it might be	controversial. sigh.
Late winter snow	a distant whistle Train	cuts through my silent	
autumn mist . . .	the homeland i know	only in dreams	
as?much?forever	as?we've?got?	the?heart?of'summer	
Red as the poppy	maple leaves fall	on the memorial	
wind upriver??	undersides of cottonwood leaves	rippling silver	
new year's party	the divorced couple	leaves together	
daylight	in the winter haze	a faint birdsong	
New Year's Day	a deer hesitates	in the headlights	
return trip	Slowly the sky and the waters	merge	
Veteran's Day	a frightened dog	at the animal shelter	
kittens circling	while mother searches for milk	here comes there owner
summer evening	a cook in the alley points	his knife at the moon	
flapping from the pond	a v takes shape	twilight chill	
departure day	the car covered	with pollen	
throwing off the comforter . . .	storm windows rattling	in the nursery	
grave diggers	deeper into the hole	june sun	
morning haze	she's still wearing	her chiffon nightgown	
Kirkstone Pass	a sheepdog gathers	its part of the world	
bark butter??	a nuthatch	works the edges	
the cat	reworks his litter?	summer dusk	
snow melt	small carcasses	frozen in place	
distant thunder -	a businessman talking	on cell phone	
new year's eve blizzard	a neon beer-sign glows	behind the steamed window
taken in the Moselle	a bottle	the ass in the air	
pumpkin carving	many faces	come to mind	
lee of the storm	the jagged edges	of the new pothole	
sunset . . .	the shimmer	of dragonfly wings	
half-empty bottle	whiskey trembles	at a touch	
chore time	the boy ties his kite	to the scarecrow	
unemployed	the uneven edge	of a quahog shell	
the deep curve	of each narrow leaf	first snowfall	
soft breeze	the rhythm of wind chimes	and northern lights	
the softness	of lamb's ears	garden for the blind	
sarah likes to hack	computers every morning	in a the classrooms
february sun	on the graveyard wall	i warm my hands	
february gale	the empty bird feeder	taps my office window	
top down day	a yellow leaf	drifts in	
A cold morning	the pink of tulips	through the mist.	
escorting	a dead dragonfly	100 undertakers	
dawn chorus	the sky surrendering	its indigo	
sudden shower	the boys dash out	without shoes
lifting fog	the cormorant	on his rock
autumn drizzle??	a grove of maple trees	lights the way home	
cheap motel	the desk clerk	turns a blind eye	
deepening twilight	no way to answer	the grosbeak's song
a reed hangs	from the swan's beak	hot afternoon	
quiet lane	after the jasmine	smell of fried onions	
lingering dusk	the silence between us	says it all	
spring planting??	a redbird offers a seed	to his mate	
throuch gean flourish	the weet -	sterny plainstanes	
filtered sunlight	a butterfly's nap	on my arm
terminal.	she skirts	the word	
it's so much slowly	the shadow of the great temple	on a blade of grass
summer twilight	the strolling path dips	into coolness	
missing face	of the snowman	pleiades
i lift her	she lifts me	the four-year-old	
country graveyard	confetti	in the grass	
marsh lightning	the tree's blossoms open	into egrets	
his parting gift:	origami swans	lasting this long	
sound of a bomber	wind is striking	the pulled-down blind	
funeral procession...	snowflakes blowing	into the headlights
spring landscape	a water colorist's brush	tints the stream	
winter wind	after the dog is buried	scratches on the door
week of rain	the henna tatoo	fading fast	
so lonely	the river snag	without its cormorant
thanksgiving??	looking at photographs	of the great depression	
yesterday's snow??	the dog's path	one way	
night rain	no space	between us	
full moon	i eat everything	including the orchid	
autumn elms??	under her arm	a folded star	
forest clearing	a scapula	left for the moon
swinging gate . . .	rain fills	your footprints	
dry riverbed??	a new kind	of silence	
snowmelt?	beaver dam swept	to the river's edge	
crystalline sky	the pioneers left no clue	qui trail to take	
requiem mass -	flecks of dust drift	in stifling air	
prayer for peace . . .	the ripples of striders	overlapping	
woodpecker	the higher pitch	of a hickory	
asleep at the wheel	the ghost cabbie	of my nightmares	
police sirens	another night	without the moon	
window pane -	at the end of my finger	the cold moon	
first buds??	the oriole sings	its love song	
mosquitoes	the slap of a beaver tail	at twilight	
believing	she loves me . . .	the blue of the sky	
age 88	all the whatchamacallits	in the spring wind	
thunder	the stray dog	bolts	
spring downpour??	my little son teaches me	to fold paper boats	
ice storm ended?	the height of a short man's	slam dunk	
evening news	she files her nails	down to nothing	
Autumn night	a homeless man	has a pumpkin	
ice storm	bishop takes knight	by candlelight	
year's end?	only the sound of mouse clicks	from every desk	
we talked	until moonset??	crickets	
mountain silence	a leaf floats in the gorge	where a boxcar rusts	
moon viewing	warming my hands	with a cup of coffee	
first frost	on the window ledge the tea kettle's whistle	
faraway voices	fishing nets thrown	in the spotlight	
spring storm	the wind rings our	visitor's bell	
winter dusk?	fog flowing up	the dry canal	
hiroshima day	a giant peony blooms	in my dream	
rainy road trip	the wiper's metronome	state to state	
april	the shadows	bloom	
back home	I wipe her lipstick off my cheek	a half moon	
winter evening	a teacup of mint	and moon	
new school year	the sound of the stream	returns	
brilliant sunlight	blue lobelia	through a clearwing's blur	
lockerbie -	the long walk from graveyard	into town	
songbirds returning . . .	the tunes my father	would whistle	
sultry day	peaches packed at the bottom	of the grocery bag	
morning lotus??	the pool umbrellas	still closed	
scar on her cheek	she gets her lipstick	just right
summer dusk	flecks of grass	in the dog dish	
mother's bedroom	the silver thimble	catches moonlight	
armistice day	a rainbow of wool drying	on the clothesline	
winter solstice . . .	a furlong of a dream	curls inside me	
so lightly	a morning rainbow disappears	in the rice paddy	
autumn sun	the footsteps of my father	slower	
winter rain	the flow of ants	in the pantry	
wrinkles in the bedsheet early dawn	
dusk??	sandpipers jab	the foam	
beyond the gate	the stretch of sky goes	uninterrupted	
sunrise . . .	tadpoles emerge	from my shadow	
mallards swim	in the aqueduct	he's family now	
ankle-deep	in cherry blossoms	and still alive	
a shrike's cry	the river widening	at the bend	
spring frost	the park cannon aimed	at the church	
floodlit sky	the wrecking ball swings	in and out of darkness	
morning?walk	sundogs	frozen?in?the'sky	
afghan invasion	the dog	on my side of the bed	
unexpected visit	from an old friend	flowers on the bramble
the cat's fur	bringing in	the smell of the hayfield	
menfolk??	a pup in the middle	of idle pats and'scratches	
empty beach house	a seashell left	on the windowsill	
midwinter gloom??	she turns on the lights	in her doll's house	
first snow	from the jay's beak	a full moon rises	
exhibit	the tuatara stares	at the class	
camera shoot??	seafroth clings	to her cleavage	
Fourth of July	watching fireflies	on the lawn	
class reunion	an old friend's glance	at my name tag	
Schumann concert	the voice of the rain	I accompanied	
the helicopter	hovers above me	m60 shells destroy
snow glare	onion bulbs sprouting	from the bag	
hail and rain	a frost crust	suffocates the fields	
crescent moon	the new home still full	of echoes	
long lasting rain -	the dog-rose petals clung	to the pavement	
October dead leaves	a witch passes me	hat less	
stone angel	a hint of life	in the winter trees	
silk from a web	entangled in my hair	a homeless spider	
the basket	Crayfish escapes...	thought for my son	
berry stains	along the sidewalk	hint of frost	
Late night jazz	the singer's voice sounds dark	in the smoky cafe	
jackknifed rig	the trooper waves us	into wildflowers
an ant in my bed-	for the two of us	not enough room	
winter -	white peonies	in falling snow	
Chinese market -	a row of small gold buddhas	share a smile	
last light	on the allotment	the glow of a fag dimp	
a butterfly	in her cupped hands	end of summer	
airport terminal	the sparrow's flight	from gate to gate	
a friend dies . . .	the surrounding mountains seem	taller and closer	
scattered sun??	one chickadee louder	than the rest	
lifting fog . . .	the wing-whistle	of a mourning dove	
an empty chair	in the poet's circle	words of love	
over night trash	the smell of	acetone breath	
slight ripple	a moon spindles out	into others	
fresh linen	my son becomes	a ghost	
restless night	a tree frog	in and out of tune	
On the island	the first snowfall	red gloves	
falling leaves	day by day	the house grows brighter
cutting flowers...	a honeybee lingers	in the empty space	
cabin fever	i spin the child's globe	until it blurs blue	
chill night	New fallen pear blossoms	glow in the moonlight	
autumn dusk	a man standing too long	on the street corner	
the fog lifts -	two tits on the roof	Hotel insect	
April sunset	from the patio of	a foreclosed house for sale	
rumble of thunder	the colt dances stiff-legged	across the pasture	
lethal injection	unable to shut	the blind dog's eyes
black ice	covers the street	uprooted tree	
cedar waxwings	the next stop on our journey	
family quarrel	the breakfast tartness	of fresh quince jam	
quiet day	a falling leaf	touches my face	
city park?	children gathering coins	in the dried lake	
sunless sky	quietly the river enters	the wild woods	
cambodian sunset	children bathe	in the brown river	
black woodburning stove	keeps me warm on a cold night	thank you to the tree.
young boys	wrestling in the yard	wild rhubarb	
valentine's day	i divide	the orange segments	
click of the latch	a painted lady flutters	between screen and window	
between the yoga	and chi gung classes	scent of burning sage	
eye exam	in the dark he compliments	my retinas	
first days of summer . . .	already the leaves gather	beneath the sycamores
autumn sun	a fly captured	in amber	
lazy midtown morning -	another layer of paint	on the rusty fire escape	
approaching storm	even the gate	has lost its squeak	
old stream??	the moon floats into	the blue hour	
teeth in a glass	the nurse takes away his pot	of blue hyacinths	
evening	our paddles drip	into liquid sunset	
perseids	a?wish?for?all?those	who?can?do?little?else	
dusting off	the Christmas lights	gibbous moon	
dark days of winter	the flat screen Christmas Yule Log	burns bright in HD	
freshly turned earth	in the palm of my hand	radish seeds	
courtyard pond	goldfish weave through light	among the reeds	
a long weekend	I ran out	of chocolate	
her empty bed??	night rain	on fallen leaves	
moon so bright   for love!   come closer, quilt...   enfold   my passionate cold!
in the two inches provided	the car-bound dog	sniffs the world	
dusty hike	a snail also crossing	the dry stream	
track meet?	a few grains of sand	in the drinking fountain	
dusk	a lone car going the same way	as the river
raw wind	and right on cue	the scrawny dog that limps	
mushrooms tilting	into each other??	misty rain	
blistered thumb	the corn a little sweeter	this year	
night drizzle	is that donkey's braying	filled with pain?	
wedding ring worn thin	she kneads dough	in autumn sunlight	
winter daybreak the shadow of a bird	darts into the bedroom	
she salts the soup	without even tasting	??autumn sky	
a tiny world	unfolds and thrives -	summer rain	
sand painting?	a rain dancer kneels	under the stars	
cool morning...	your smile pasted on	a coffee cup	
quasar	only a great star	that dies	
the deeply cut leaves	of a japanese maple	another good-bye	
sunset	on the fourth glass	the trace of a bird	
ragged clouds	how it feels	to hold a rake	
her only nipple	begins to harden	a new year	
drought	the sound of the cat grooming	wakes me	
deserted beach	rolled under a piece of wood	two ants	
cold rain	cherry petals in the street	with lotto tickets	
day's end	a bit of clover	floats in the bath	
divorce day	no more staples	in our gun
dawn	a Coca- Cola sign	turns off	
divorce papers:	your, mine,	and now ours
blackened forest	a mushroom	gnawed white	
still some snow	on the upturned canoe	seed hulls	
overcast	an orange scarf flails	on the clothesline	
snow flurries	my unborn granddaughter's	heartbeat	
the full moon	and a rice field	planted with stars	
daylight moon	the chrysanthemums	have covered your name
harsh sun	the complicated eyes	of a grasshopper	
poverty	no matter where you go	the moon	
at Rise	piss in the autumn wind	make a haiku	
a cardinal's song	blends with the brilliant sunset.	surely, nothing's wrong?	nearby, a bell tolls changes
old pond	after the frog	the stillness	
framed	in the kitchen window	venus rising	
family reunion	chachalacas shake	the branches	
autumn chill?	the garden hose ends	in a puddle of ice	
first star	my son says he knows	the speed of light	
dim light	the night nurse	describes the rain
a dancer	all her life??	winter moon	
moon viewing??	one of the garden lanterns	lights up	
cormorants near dusk	perched over the tidewater	all hunched, all black	
clatter of pipes	when i turn the tap off	snowy night	
lunar eclipse	i remember my last	menses	
guttering candle . . .	a whole life lived without	the northern lights	
sharp smell	after-noon downpour has	electric summer	
longest night??	the death poem	rustles	
his 44th??	water that doesn?t run back	into the ocean	
a?mandala	of?pine?needles	yesterday's?rain	
first warm day	harleys gleam	the length of the diner	
summer afternoon?	the soda's sound	changes as i drink	
outside view	the azure sky	fits the window frame	
boarding the greyhound??	one seat left	on the ocean side	
a buzzing bumble bee	dandelion fluff covers	the ripe blackberry
gray afternoon	a ladybug escapes	the storm window	
old dark sleepy   pool...   quick unexpected   frog   goes plop! watersplash!
a snail adventure	the still hot asphalt	June storms	
Intifada-	a slight delay	for dinner	
the smile	lost in her wrinkles??	deep autumn	
his shadow	passes me by	the charcoal seller	
autumn evening	she lays out his clothes	on the bed
mother's day	this year	the white carnation	
long cold snap	the icicle	begins to fork	
"yes, come   in!" i cried...   but at the windy   snow-hung gate   knocking still went on
morning frost broken venetian blinds	in the house of the murder	
extreme unction	the bellies gurgle	Robin outside	
sketching . . .	a birch leaf blows	into my daughter's hair	
Autumn Dawn -	the street windows	lit screens	
a field mouse	in the crane's beak	mud month	
full moon	bullfrogs	all night
running down	fight illiteracy	the gang's red paint
winter sunset	high in the willow	an egret	
bottoms in the air	a line	of missing ducks	
November clouds-	hearing of	my sister's illness...	
morning fog	the music	between headlines	
thump and screech?	the long freight pulls out	in robin's song	
water colors	i paint the spaces	between waves	
winter rain	gulls swim into	the hockey goal	
a sudden storm	closing my eyes	i lean on the wind
formal garden??	dog-toothed violets	loose on the lawn	
the birch trunk's sheen	moves when i do	winter solitude	
wind chime	my phone picks up	a wifi hotspot	
spring morning	those young men have noticed	what she's not wearing	
open window	the sound of rain	interrupts my dream	
pond shimmer	there not there	grebes	
mosquitoes rise	the damp scent of clean clothes	on the line	
mother's day	the expiration date	on wildflower seeds
campgrounds	a snail shell	in our spot	
hot day	she writes a haiku	in minimal clothes	
rain-lashed valley	the ram's wool matted	over his bones	
frogs out-do	the church choir?	evensong	
blue sky	the love	i never had	
dark clouds	a blanket of purple nettle	on the indian mound	
abandoned house	children picking mangoes	in the yard	
night scaffold??	the workman slightly bigger	as a shadow	
munitions worker	staggaring home from the pub	dark billowing cloud
still night -	the smell of fried fish drowns out	the traffic sounds	
autumn wind	the sidelong glance	from a goose	
moldering leaves??	the wind blows me	deeper into winter	
it sways all alone	nature gave it its place here	we take it from it.
valentine's day	she reminds me	to fasten my seatbelt
huddled pigeons	a taxi waits	in winter rain	
songbirds in the dark	the sound of my sister's voice	when she lies	
newspaper -	the tips of the beans	on the obituary	
awkward silence	a guest pinches	a sprig of lavender	
mother and daughter	chess game	two queens	
laughter	in a foreign tongue	summer stars	
the very back	of the cat's mouth	sunday afternoon	
ice storm ended	a cardinal singing	in the bent birch	
lawn daisies	a boy tosses the ball	to himself	
tundra swans	in the mist	snowflakes	
the best lies	have the fewest details	cold half-moon	
cloud shadow	long enough to close	the poppies
cold wind	every oystercatcher	headless	
honking through the darkness	long before their shapes:	the twilight geese	
lunch hour??	a whisper of pigeon wings	enters the conversation	
loose hair	the wind brings me	an old song	
caskets adrift	in the flooded cemetery	a crow alights	
summer storm	circus elephants lean	into the thunder	
cradling her belly??	waiting for someone who	is already here	
a crow cleans its beak	on an ice-covered bough	early morning sun	
out-going tide	the little portion	a shell retains	
sleepless night	a new tooth	in the baby's smile	
mouse	the sound	is enough	
border town??	all the houses	with a dog to beware of	
melting snow?	the water in its own path	off the path	
early morning	glue sets in the shade	of the old shed	
at the cottage...	last year's mosquitoes	on the bedroom wall	
moon	the way it looked	when i was young	
blizzard from the north??	the buffalo turn	to face the white	
we both squeeze	through the kissing gate . . .	thunderclap	
dusk -	up to my ears	in birdsong	
finches flit	through dry stems??	winter shadows	
desert chill	the ocotillo's long reach	to the stars	
overcast Sunday	the lilacs	remind me of last night	
the half-truths	in a well-lit room	midnight's rain	
a teacher's passing . . .	moonlight bathes	the apple tree	
observation tower	my grandson watching his spit	fall
first summer rain??	the flower vendor	lingers on the porch	
cold and dark Spring day	a dead squirrel	in a tree pit	
in whichever	direction the call	to prayer	
spent dandelions	a weather-beaten lawn chair	on the bare patch	
beating time with nightstick,	cricket sound	while i urinate
cooking together?	the rosemary and garlic	from our garden	
fallow field	the frosted shadow	of a scarecrow	
autumn haze	a monk in saffron robes	rakes the sand	
broken clock	from the goodwill bag	the sound of ticking
cattail slough	a slight seepage	in the weave of tracks	
memorial day	his name her reflection	in black granite	
first spring day??	a blue heron works at	an unruly feather	
lazy day?	our wrist watches	on the ice chest	
overcast	just one more game	of solitaire	
morning meditation	a moth	works the room	
cold snap	the junkyard dog's	heavy chain	
year's first moon	the widow turns	her mattress	
the cattails	lose their heads	march wind	
afternoon tea	wind chimes mingle	with the river's sound	
a final bulb	the warmth of garden soil	just after sunset	
a pen in hand	it has its drain	and I its strengths	
early winter??	a growing desire	to paint the ceiling	
a blossom	in the bird bath	sunny side up	
haiku	attentive to this moment	i smile	
dense fog	a math teacher re-explains how	to clear parentheses	
creek crossing . . .	the uneven footing	on the other side	
heat lightning	through a stuck	screen door	
fleeting sunlight	on the doorknob, warmth	from a stranger's hand	
winter snow falling	houses covered in white fluff	fireplaces glow at night
day's end	the length of my fish	the length of my father's fish	
distant woodchopper	inside the cabin	axbite echoes
clouds racing	a sundog	disappears	
Through the fog	a few spots of red	first Robins	
bomb shelter??	my old belongings	huddle in the dark	
one seagull	on a shaft of air;	dawn
coming up through	a gap in the city bridge. .	a checkerspot butterfly
gladiola frond . . .	silhouette of a cricket	on the other side	
old western	black hats white hats	in shades of gray	
grain of the wood	their conversation	at the viewing	
morning drizzle	the?crescent?of?dry?pavement	beneath the pinecone	
Soft rain	her thoughts of lost love	intrude into her day	
when celsius	and farenheit meet -	cold night	
crescent moon at sunset	she hesitates then	kisses me	
autumn chill	the mausoleum covered	with sparrows	
blossoms . . .	the babys bare feet	pedal the air
morning fog	a garbage truck	makes no noise	
first time	your curly hair	tickled my thighs	
my dead mother's voice	on the answering machine	... again and again...	
one straw	longer than the others	fragrant bale	
garden Buddha	morning rain washes away	the snow	
3 a.m.	the obverhead fan	clicks clicks clicks
familiar hymns	prayers worn deep	in the wood	
wet starless night	a smiling moon shines	on her umbrella.	
away on business	the restless cat	on your side of the bed	
sunlit ravine	a rope bridge	over butterflies	
solstice day	park grass pale	where the fairground	rides had been	
winter twilight	the warmth of his back	against mine	
all the way down	freewheeling through	cicada song	
summer's end?	tearing out the ivy	with both hands	
brink-of-war news	draped over my shins	this anchoring child
riffles . . .	a belted kingfisher	splinters the light	
funeral march	the crunch crunch crunch	of cicada husks
autumn rain	his name on the stone	darkens
morning mizzle	the screech of a gull	far from the sea	
independence day	i let him touch	a little bit of me
morning chill	a spider's web gleams	on the barbed wire	
gaining an hour . . .	i water the marigolds	one more time	
outside the door	i leave them there	the dog, the fleas	
midsummer morning	the boat's gentle tug	at the anchor	
yellow moon	a glimpse of a porpoise	easing upstream	
drought...	the first raindrops	bounce	
night storm	her waters	break	
easter sunday	the hand on my shoulder	once reached up for mine	
January doucereux	read the haikus	other winters	
warm rain on the pond	my thoughts rise	with the koi	
Croton hedges	Their fall foliage with false	South Florida in autumn	
his passing??	the magenta chrysanthemum	still fresh	
deep silence	the orphaned nestlings	this third morning
reddening apples??	her palette	still loaded with color	
at?the?root?of?all?the?nothingness	
grandmother	giving chase again	the fat turkey	
under the moon	white water lily flower	on the night of the pond	
snow sparkles	in the arroyo	
decrystalizing	the jar of honey . . .	january sunrise	
twilight winter	in the breath of the surf	unnecessary words	
conversation lags?	far out on the spindly branch	a withered leaf	
football practice	the coach perfects	his game voice	
glowing embers	i tell her a story	she already knows	
solstice	after the last match	the last call to prayer	
crocuses bloom	the old woman on the bench	swings her feet	
between the fireflies	the changing shape of darkness
prairie arroyo	half-grown bison bulls	corral the trucks	
palm sunday	the sound of a frond	ripping	
cat's faint tread??	the light	before sunrise	
moon gazing . . .	the crossing light changes	back to red	
a slight shake of bells	as the harness comes off	night snow	
childhood's summer gift	That first dandelion	dancing on the wind	
almost spring	snowflakes	weep on my shoulder	
behind the cafe	the sound of children	or crows	
autumn??	i count once again	tulip bulbs in the bag	
her skin	pale in the moonlight	ebb tide	
on your porch	only the breeze	moves between us
twilight lake	a solitary loon dives	into itself	
frosted windows??	my weight	still on the gym scale	
glassy-eyed, gutted	catch of the day we shaved ice	at the fish market	
sunday at the building site	bees work the hollyhocks	
city dusk	the warmth	of an atm booth	
black ice	dad's last radiation	treatment	
she lets go of my hand . . .	the stars	without a constellation	
long sermon	in the roof beams	cobwebs flutter	
Drizzle	- On the ground	crushed,	a worm.	
fourth of july	in the fireworks? glow	a sumi-e mountain	
coconut grove	leaf blades comb	the moonlight	
speaking	to her ashes	entre summer moons	
arguing with my neighbor	across the fence	a sparrow changes sides	
red dust road	a cattle truck reaches	the vanishing point
falling leaves-	unpacking winter clothes	from cedar trunks	
twilight?	a full moon	between fractured branches	
drawn to the train	in the toy shop window?	snow flurries	
museum dusk	mannequin soldiers	hold their ground	
everywhere this morning	maple keys soaking in	the gentle rain	
spring frost	a tower light pierces	the sunset	
empty restaurant	all the tables	candlelit	
the colour of wind	through pine trees	must be blue	
open windows??	the scent of lilacs moves	from room to room	
autumn sunset . . .	mississippi backwater	flooded with color	
Winter solstice	tangerine essence	in my bath water	
clarity?of?rocks	in?the?river'shallows?	sun?on?my?back	
noon heat -	a pigeon shadow shimmers	across the tar	
morning prayers	her hopi flutes stacked	in the sunflower can	
summer fog	layers of color	in the sand	
Cash hyper -	of yogurt packages	black lace	
slideshow	our winter vacation	the white wall	
in one year	work life ends?drizzle	with the rainbow	
dry cheerful   cricket   chirping, keeps   the autumn gay ...   contemptuous of frost
headstone	a dash	between the years	
blue sky	a cleaning lady takes	the morning train home	
a spring welcome	ripples through the length	of the beagle	
the morning sun	on grandma's grave	first butterfly	
waiting for the rains	both sides	of the pillow hot	
valentine's day??	thawing a wild salmon	from the supermarket	
march wind	the story of a couple	who separate	
crayon map	my son shows me the way	to neverland	
antiquities room	the curator asks	"so what's new?"
daybreak	the train graffiti drips	autumn dew	
town gossip??	a rototiller's blade	turning up stones	
afternoon heat	the vireo's endless	question, answer	
late summer chill . . .	the old headstones trailing back	into the pines	
At the water's edge	The first bikini	blackhead gull	
morning glory	still some openings	i haven?t seen	
soft breeze	a hyacinth	fills me	
afternoon thunder	the softness	of my mother's touch	
garden buddha	the subtle blue sound	of snowflakes	
distant siren	the hurricane lantern swings	on its hook	
morning fog	my new dahlias too	look so faded	
venus rising...	i linger a little longer	in the hot tub	
beneath the ice	the waterfall	still falling
beyond blossoms	under the cherry tree...	white snow cover	
frigid night	a drip in the sink	fills the whole house
death is a wonder.	it never comes as a guest,	but as a beggar.
all souls' eve	limbs of the sycamore	through the fog	
wandering thoughts -	blood on the edge	the shears	
Crystal Night '	Gusts of rain	outside	
the snow melted	fences reappear	between neighbors	
fog patches	a second little face	in the sonogram	
where words	fall away	all of the lily	
heat wave	the mailman fans himself	with my bills	
autumn rain	the long outside staircase	to my room	
spring shower	dark hands skinning catfish	in the kitchen sink	
autumn dusk?	the bright end of a log	between pines	
the weight	of a portable radio	summer night
dead grey cement chunk	crumbled from the ha-ha wall	whitewashed by swallows
rising sun	the sunflowers'	dark heads
grown wild	the spot where i buried	the last of my pets	
rainy New York	from the tenth storey window	black umbrellas bloom	
fly fishing??	the frog	too	
new catkins?	a moose's behind	at the edge of the willows	
seven samurai	half the village burning	while my son makes popcorn	
creeping fog	a little moonlight	crosses the river	
hotel ruin	a chime of finches	in the rafters	
a homeless man	rises from the sidewalk	Easter morning	
election day folding and unfolding	umbrellas	
garden pond	a koi nibbles	at spring rain	
homeless shelter??	the glimmer of sunlight	on broken glass	
valentine's day	the heat	in the fajita	
lightning oak	a screech owl's nest	in the breach	
old leather saddle	cherry colored and shiny	smells of horse	
walking floor	immersed in the frenzy	stained vest	
abandoned car -	accumulated leaves	on the windshield	
inlaws coming	the dog knows how	to play dead	
corn husk dolls	she hardly remembers	the old place	
midlife . . .	my car radio	on scan	
tart raspberries	evening comes earlier	and earlier	
wide water...	flight of an osprey	shapes the evening light
bush trail	the astonishing colour	of jellybeans	
twilight	a tui mimics	a tui	
morning chores?	the chatter of sparrows	through the dryer vent	
unseasonal heat	a woodpecker	and its ideas	
scent of rain	a partridge drums	from a dry stone wall	
oar-scoop whirlpools	spin behind the boat	calm spring day	
the river	coming to it with nothing	in my hands
first date	under the streetlight	our shadows hold hands	
August blue sky	a window washer	runs out of soap	
at table	it crumbles bread -	blackbird's eye	
aftershock	the picture on the wall	straightens
appetite fulfilled	all wanted, nothing needed	a life alone paid
a yellowed clipping	falls out from her Bible	Emmett Till's obit	
evening coffee—	wisps of fog rise	from the bayou	
plum petals??	do they cross her path too	in march winds	
ah these short nights	hardly time to see	seeds up	
fallen leaves	settle deeper?	the hammock's sag	
decorating my cell again	i notice roommate	a silverfish on my pillow
approaching rain	a second wren tips	the tall thistle	
blue dragonfly	pine needles cover	the narrow path	
the ewe	nudges her lamb once more??	ravens cawing	
deep canyon	the grand voice	of a tiny wren	
your share of our life	fits neatly into boxes...	sky swallows return
five am	behind the thick fog	the smell of fresh bread	
Ponocni metro	u opustelom vagonu	njisu se rucke	
summer rains gone	the river	finds icts own channel	
farmer's market	a child follows her stroller	filled with potatoes
spring breeze??	i catch the tune	she leaves behind	
summer's end	jays find the cold campfire	the cold potato
autumn dusk	a girl with pigtails milking	the black angus	
shooting star . . .	the warmth	of a child's breath	
sunset . . .	the cuckoo repeats	his morning song	
frosty dawn-	the dog watches me	pack my bag	
funeral	folding lilac scent	into his burial flag
pool filter	a child's collection	of dandelion wishes	
end of summer	only a breeze	in the butterfly net	
unilingual	i study the expressions	in a wren's eye	
sudden chill	from across the lake	another loon	
Spring warms up	tattoos	not just on the arms	
voices of loons	cross the misted cove	call and response	
boardwalking	the dragonfly's shadow	drops through a crack	
poor neighborhood	a dog barking at the end	of a rope	
kudzu creeps	through the shack's roof	steady rain	
fighting	the summer heat -	no time for poetry	
Soft rain	My Mother and I look	At retirement homes	
empty room -	the shadows of nails	on the walls	
lilacs in bloom	a swallowtail crosses	the double yellow line	
rising sun	a gull high in the space	between us	
rising breath...	gran reaches for branches	with snow-laden cones	
A wind up frog	hops across the wooden floor	thoughts of haiku	
leather gloves?	in the rafters a barn owl	closes its eyes	
her hair done	sheltered from the north wind	open grave	
overnight the spider's mathematics
old dance floor	the piano ivories	lifting	
phantom flame,	a warm wicker,	beauty of the dark night,
on display:	her small and firm	opinion of men
porn shop	each cock	stares at her	
daylight saving	the neighbor's pregnancy	begins to show	
spring!	a bug i don?t know	looks me straight in the eye	
morning fog	too much steamed milk	in my espresso	
earthquake night	Tokyoites walking home	the long Friday	
fresh peaches	the wet print of your body	on the pool deck	
white roadside crosses	Where the road meets Nature's swale	memento mori	
parking lot crow??	the same complaints	every morning	
tea garden	the dr. doolittle in me	whispers to a turtle	
180 dead, 8 attacks	Karachi today	Zidane said on TV	
tornado watch	now available	in HD	
simmering rhubarb	mother plays ragtime	on broken keys
as great	as the grizzly	the fear	
snow flurries :::	a blue jay's feather	clings to the yard	
half moon?	dog's bark above	the factory noise	
windstorm??	the garden stripped of	her bright colors	
adopted	she wonders where	the waves come from	
first frost??	the thrush brings a snail	to the anvil stone	
first snow?	i twist the tea bowl	to see its old design	
the stillness of	That did not have moth	reach the moon	
compost bin -	melon pips below	Road ants	
sake	even in my microwaved cup	a taste of the ancients
cantaloupe	the sweetness	of drought	
half moon	something	I'm forgetting	
In the hospital	Watching the clouds drift by	Sharp needle in the hand	
tiny crystals melt	shimmering in the spring sun	natures transition
May clouds	new names and dates	in the family book	
sky	too blue	to trust
fading	right before my eyes	morning moon	
winter morning	her perfume scents	the river path	
the peanut butter sandwich	left unmade...	snow day	
a long split	in the black inky cap	snow clouds	
at our last   parting   bending between   boat and shore...   that weeping willow
spring melt	the flat-bed leaks	on the uphills
octopus	i already know	the way home	
hazard lights	through raindrops	October leaves	
sunlight on water	vowels	in the syllables of birds	
stifling heat	our new neighbors'	argument	
the long night	a kaleidoscope of moth parts	in the overhead lamp	
through the window	five minutes between projects	watching the pansies dancing	
towpath -	two cyclists on the small gear ratio	speak du Ventoux	
hot, humid day	a jazz station plays	cool tunes	
the worm	far out on this paved lot	more rain
tomato juice	tasting of tin?	cabin fever	
ceiling fan	the whirl	of my thoughts	
on the sidewalk	a written love	and many steps	
tea party over	lipstick	smiles remain	
all day writing poems . . .	the sound of paper settling	in the bin	
posting the cards . . .	almost enough snow	for a snowman	
the kite's tail	ripped from knotty branches??	mockingbird song	
screened window?	faintly in and out of view	a woman's face	
making soup	my hands could be	my mother's hands	
discussion with friends?	motionless fish	in the aquarium	
summer morning	squeak	of the bicycle seat	
cycle cart -	the office chairs' legs	point to the moon	
cold starry night -	from the forest edge the sound	of animal kill	
declining moon	the old man's laughter	turns to coughing	
Heavy March rain	the Daffodils hang their heads	my heavy thoughts	
getting acquainted	our children	fight over a seashell	
clothes dried on the line-	a spring morning	still in the folds	
evening cool	two barefoot boys	fish the stream	
reaching a wide stream . . .	the trail continues	on the other side	
In this desert	a memory of blue sea	shells in the sand	
slow driver??	is he watching	the hawk?	
almost lost	among the shifting hues	of dusk	the faint calligraphy	of swans	
evening tea -	the flame of the match	wake shadows	
June sunset	when we wake up	how many died in Iran?	
roosting egrets	the lake's silence settles	on everything	
door slam	the rumble of thunder	louder	
half asleep -	the rhythm of the	receding rain	
black mesa	a water serpent winds	around the clay pot	
billiard balls	on worn felt?	the rain	
clouds cling	to the mountain	stories you try to forget	
moon gazing	fogging up the cold window	with my breath	
may sunset	dandelions surround	the bulging udder
from a stiff clothesline	black long underwear flapping;	amish washing day
cherry blossoms	the rookie pitcher puts on	his game face	
crescent moon	just enough light	for this path	
deep autumn	we read love poems once	in these woods	
cool morning??	the smell of garlic bread	reaches the street boy	
Claude Levi Strauss dies	a florist has	wild forget-me-nots	
portage trail	Walked Where I walk Travelers	ancient granite	
snowcaps	clouds of breath	above the herd	
crossing the bright sky	of a near-sighted swimmer,	the song of a bird
heat wave	a crow follows	the train tracks	
bumblebee	the buzz	between flowers	
indian summer the doe turns	into the wind	
after each car	the rush of pies	to the mass of red hair	
airing the house	i hear the men far away	tilling fields
summer evening	crescents of cantaloupe	on a blue plate	
from the warm distance	of decades in your smile,	a winking night's dream.
approaching storm	a nest of yellowjackets	in the scarecrow's belly	
gentle rain . . .	apple blossom footprints	around the teacher's desk	
tea house	a small leaf	blackens a tooth	
out of the canyon	out of the blue	a flute	
high meadow	opening myself	to the mountain's face
spring rain	the old mathematician walks	with a closed umbrella	
time comes in trial	steeps of meandering thought,	fractal memories.
my train is late	I watch a cockroach	going home	
the tips	of crabapple buds	april sunrise	
lilacs overgrown	with honeysuckle	the dooryard loses its way	
twilight lake	a merganser pulls silver water	into dark	
the long throat	of a pitcher plant	song of a lost bee	
watching a program	on brazils rain forests,	anger poisons calm	nearby, a bell tolls changes
tree-lined stream	the falcon rowing	through air
all?the'silence?of?white?crosses	
winter trees	waiting on the silence	our breaths	
cloudless sky	the baaing	of penned sheep	
indian summer	the neighbor's daughter sunbathes	Their beside empty pool	
new rain . . .	the odour of kangaroos	from the hollow	
out?of?the?depths?of?the?mountain?bluebird	
spring sun	raindrops	on the red camellia	
failed copy	the real iris bluer	than the photograph	
sparkling fall leaves	baby panda takes first steps	each day is a gift
musical over??	the chill an exit door	lets in	
a marsh harrier	slow over reed plumes	indian summer	
cliff dust	cicadas saw	through the heat	
old blue car??	the ease	of summer's last days	
skinnydipping??	river current streamlining	my body	
cloudy day	the janitor misses	a fallen leaf	
somewhere beyond our chilli pepper plant the red dragonfly's home	
stone garden??	this morning the islands	float on snow	
morning fog	she wears sunglasses	in the subway	
first day of school	my son brings home	his peach stone	
fishing	where my brother stood??	twilight chill	
raveled mitten?	bird tracks crisscross	patio snow	
soft light	we mound leaves	around the sapling	
august afternoon??	behind the poetry books	a dry apple core	
September rain...	unaware of any pain	a peach falls	
corner spider	rest easy, my soot-broom	is idle
lime cordial	the tinkle of ice	forty years ago	
noon glare	the wind blows sand	out to sea	
streetlamps?.?.?.	the'slow?migration	of?a'snail	
spring thaw	the splinter in my finger	finally comes out	
family photo	the barn	needs a coat of paint	
spilled milk??	nothing more	pours out	
homeless man dead	season pass	in the trash	
quite a hundred   gourds   sprouting from   the fertile soul...   of a single vine
Chilly morning	mountains topped with first snow	warm coffee cup	
a red maple leaf	that forgot to fall...	he fingers his shrapnel scar
a tangled nest	of fishing line	spring birdsong	
where nobody cares,	growing with green vigor	the sumac	
summer concert	fanning myself faster	during the scherzo
red dragonflies	gather around the	blind person	
romance ends	pot-shaped clods of dirt	on the compost pile	
new year's day??	a finch's weight	turns the pinwheel	
unfazed	by my problems	the moon	
ten below zero:	man and boy walk through their breath	to read old tombstones
out of the river the silence	of posts
snow moon	two porch chairs	facing each other	
she uses	a kitchen chair . . .	magnolia blossoms	
morning glories	what is left	of the rain	
winter stars??	lichen sparkles	on a birch branch	
family get-together	all the eyes all the feelers	all the hands tearing shrimp
standing still   at dusk   listen ... in far   distances   the song of froglings!
no wind	no breath to lift the sails	baby swans	
sun shower...	wanting to hear the voices	of the blooming things	
Japan's power plant radiation	the wind will decide	who dies	
sunlit dew	the cock pheasant circles	his three-strong harem	
honeysuckle . . .	the mailman takes a sniff	as he closes the box	
Valentine's day	the thigh of Bergerac	on the tongue	
sultry day	a lizard rides my finger	to the aloe leaf	
how still i am	waiting for the storm	how still the bamboo	
rising harvest moon	a tractor's headlights heading	down a distant road
haggling over price??	the frozen jaw	of a warehouse tuna	
the train's whistle	for a moment long grass	blowing west
?tis great to be alive!	how to say this	to the scarecrow?	
girl fiddler last to play	sugar at the bottom	of the lemonade cup	
on ash wednesday again	my grandmother's lilac perfume	
early spring??	when the rain stops	i close the door	
sunrise:	among the silent earth movers	a fawn	
photo archive	the ice skaters' grins	frozen in time	
getting louder	the calf	the auctioneer
restless night	the threadbare edge	of her quilt	
snap of a twig	the egret's neck	extends	
passover	moon	through the bare branches	
a cottonwood stump	brought in by the tide?	sparrow song	
last day together	a boat breaks up	our reflections	
oh, winter moon,	what have you done now	keep-locked with the mountains?
sunset	a child's arrangement	of shells	
north woods	a fir deep in each	constellation	
fragrant daphne	the money collector stops	before he knocks	
new dock	the snowy egret's stride	unchanged	
a bartender	needs more olives	the bridge lights turn on	
deep in the cedars	walking to the jingle	of our bear bells	
bird song	between blows	of the axe	
Omaha Beach	the sound of wave	after wave	
a stoat arcs into undergrowth thin winter moon
middle of the night	my fingers tick tick ticking	a hot flash haiku	
mother's day	one set of footprints	along the beach	
warm rain	in the center of the tree stump	a black hole	
haying swallows widen	the summer sky	
high tide	feeling the moon's pull	in the waves	
the cricket's song	what's left	of the moon	
christmas eve??	on the hairdresser's face	a hint of tears	
mist on the fields	just is glimpsed	the loose crumbling	
sunny Spring day	at the corner store	firemen buy charcoal	
washing my clothes	somebody looks at me	crescent moon	
carefully unwrapped . . .	the favorite ornament	lying in pieces	
lend me water please?   some fresh young   morning-glory,   careless ... took my well
clouds billow	the island bridge swings open	for one ship	
the trees have the mist	smoke, fire- two bodies, one act	i but have a heart
making plans	conch shell pressed	to my ear	
Chilly morning	Memories of a love affair	Floating in my mind	
a butterfly	over the bouquets...	I tune out the speaker	
blood orange	in pieces on the table	after he left	
tiny sentences   brushing soft on   my shutters...   bush-clover voices
Saturday night wedding	the bride	is a man	
fine mist	he says frogs	i say crickets	
storm clouds??	hearing the pauses	in the katydid's song	
morning fog	Citibank building loses	the other half of its top	
creek mouth	bathing the dog	in sunset	
winter afternoon	bringing the laundry in	stiff	
changing frost patterns	on the windowpane	winter sun	
a'sliver?of?moon	the?old?bluesman	breaks?a'string	
third trimester?	the mother duck and i	both waddle	
sepia souls smile	from a photo negative	reunion	
every morning	waiting for the kingfisher . . .	bare branch of the eucalypt	
storm clouds -	the roofer talks about	overtime	
on the piano	photos of the ones	who don't visit
smoldering coals	the rattle of blue crabs	in a metal bucket	
i remember	your braid??	girl gone to soldier	
wet mud shines	where?the?grasshopper?was?	my vow of silence	
summer afternoon:	a raven and its shadow	weaving through the treetops	
every one	of her xmas cookies	the same snowflake	
returning home	after living abroad?	the smell of thyme	
factory whistle	blue morning glories	on the flag pole	
100 degree heat	country-western music	from the asian bar	
roses i meant to pick	their golden petals	taken by wind	
foghorns	a fish in the silence	between	
forest path	a spider web	catches my ear	
morning sun	a lone crow scatters	frost from the pine
bitter wind	a man hunched over	a hole in the ice	
Christmas in Japan	not found seasons Word	for hangings	
october sun	a warm greenhouse tomato	settles in the palm
Night Flight	on the wings of aircraft	Moon strips	
on the battlefield	i find half a button	slimed with moss	
strangler fig	the cooling shade	around me	
tree frogs	giving voice	to the rains	
cloud of no-see-ums...	bluegills	tease the bobber	
Ramadan starts tomorrow	Moslems will fast	from dawn to dusk	
too hot to move . . .	the crickets	cricket	
up to their necks	in lawn daisies	the robin?? the worm	
year's end	this unfinished	poem	
new snow	I Almost forget	our quarrel	
a dog patiently	waits for his plate	Thanksgiving Day	
clouds drift . . .	the trail of a rain drop	on a dirt covered leaf	
thesis	the sounds of childhood	through my study window	
summer evening	a muskrat rests its head	on driftwood	
way of traveller-	a chicory field reaches	the horizon line
cloud peaks	inch by inch the worm	stretches its shadow	
sultry night	the rhythm of oars	stroking the lake	
twilight	the unexpected brightness	of snowdrops	
funeral day	a black ribbon binds	the wind chimes	
misty shroud??	leaves falling	between the rails	
packing up the creche	one of the wise men	is missing	
blowing through the holes	of the nomad's flute	autumn wind
summer love	a faded red t-shirt rots	in the gutter	
closing time:	zoo animals smaller	than their shadows	
autumn days	the weight of my life's	unpicked apples	
flowers that fell	from?wedding?bouquets	path through the woods	
crowded train station	the tap tap thump	of a blind man's cane	
autumn morning	clearing the misty window	to see the mist	
ruffling	my found feather	a breath	
dark clouds at sunset	my neighbor	lights up his pumpkin	
cloudy day	daffodils	heads down	
the way	it feels to hold you	gibbous moon	
so set in my ways??	winter window with a	potted geranium	
a stick caught	on the lip of the dam	winter's end
strong wind	back and forth on lake ice	streetlight reflections	
waxing moon	the sound of a butterfly	emerging	
shining	in a drop of dew	all his love
winter stars	who else sits up	with a sick child?	
My son's birthday	not sharing the cake	chasing the seagull away	
at a desk,	i write	this ku	
night comes early	the last of the potatoes	have eyes
after the bomb blast	child	picks up	an orange	
winter morning sun	on yellow stucco?	the church bells of florence	
morning overcast	a few seeds still dangle	from the dandelion
gray morning sky	a herring gull drops a mollusk	onto rocks	
morning rush hour??	my ankles wrapped	with yellow leaves	
Of laughter	fall through the window	- Saturday night	
winter thunder?	startled by a whoosh	of pigeons' wings	
almost dusk	an open door	to the lighthouse	
Spring RAIN-	after "Dear Ed"	the paper still blank	
The Advent wreath	candles lighting the dim room	his old eyes shinning	
daffodils	a laughing girl	with rain in her shoe
morning rush	a blonde	with no lipstick	
snow moon	bitter wormwood	still on her tongue	
carven gods   long gone...   dead leaves alone   foregather   on the temple porch
cats?with?other?plans?zen?garden	
Manhattan afternoon haze	gay people no more	have to hide	
georgia peach	sweet cream and wrinkle remover	in the shopping cart	
white butterfly	i?m also ready	to surrender	
sunrise at the pier??	calamari fishermen	bowing to the sea	
icicles melting	another drunk pisses	in my alley	
hazy moon??	dad's walking stick	knocking in the trunk	
sunset moon	she pops seafroth bubbles	with her lips	
late in the day??	the hiss of water	boiling over	
4-way stop	everyone waits	for the red corvette
a lake	brimming with mountains—	trout ripple the sky	
lean man	carving	the tree's dream.
hopscotch grid	faintly visible	first stars	
50 years slip away	lacing up	old skates	
arise from sleep,   old cat,   and with great yawns   and stretchings ...   amble out for love
at furue in   rain   gray water and   gray sand...   picture without lines
watching the deer	watch my morning train	pass by	
bare soles	on cold blacktop	jackal moon	
holding the warmth	of the afternoon sun	dandelion ridge
small town??	no fence around	the cemetery	
grapefruit harvest	the morning sun	left dangling
tax day??	a battery-powered breeze	stirs the desk chimes	
drizzle September	slow fall of a leaf	against the black trunk	
left out in the rain	her old haiku	on cherry blossoms	
the cold	a stranger	at my parents? grave	
alone in the dark	is this how it comes	- Winter night	
her obituary...	the things we did	that summer	
company picnic	a young boy stays near	his father's legs	
mother's keepsakes . . .	the questions	i never asked	
nightfall	shooting stars	on the power lines	
polite conversation	i try to extract	the last cookie
board meeting	a jumbo jet roars	into his yawn
gone to bed angry	the din	of summer insects
a beautiful weed	sprouting in the summer sun...	happy, but alone
open-air concert	flute arpeggios pour down	from flickering stars	
barbecue -	the sin's licht skirls	amang the links	
under the rain	on the last step	you turned	
lichened shrine	a farmer studies	the roof thatch	
hokusai's wave	a child shapes his fingers	into claws	
between Lake Erie	and the nuclear station	fireflies	
taps . . .	a snowflake melts	on her dimple	
snow shower -	quince	squalling	
new white shirt	the outline	of my sunburn	
half-dark sky	a slow roll of thunder	joins the cicada	
glistening frost	the slow blue arc	of a buzzard	
mother's day	gift-wrapped box of chocolates	one piece missing	
hellebore bloom That spring morning as tanks rumble	
late at night	a woman alone in the restaurant	addressing christmas cards
clouds gather	in a darkening sky	a walk interrupted	
wide open	the roses we leave	on the motel dresser
all saints? day dusk:	a blackbird's alarm call	sets off another	
commuter traffic	no light to stop	a starling flock	
warm Spring night	her cleavage glistens	under a crescent moon	
my?father's?life	under?communism	cleaning?the?oil?lamp	
heat storm	the weight of his hand	almost touching mine	
among the gravestones	with names worn away	children play hide n seek
rain-pocked dust	the shell of a snail	not yet hard	
biting the peel	a burst of orange mist	firelight	
my third glass of wine	the mosquito	comes back for seconds
morning haze	one light rinse of the coffee cup	is good enough	
night émeutes-	after the small dej	the crumbs	
rumors of war	removing decorations	from the Christmas tree	
dark news	the comfort	of crows	
autumn leaves??	the street singer's	?good-bye love?	
sunrise	a view of the sky through	a worm-eaten leaf	
dream	of a lost moon	snow light	
hazy afternoon	hedge trimmers ratchet up	the cicada frenzy	
cornflakes	soaked with milk	all the leaves have fallen	
spring breeze-	the balcony's shadows	on my book	
our last day	together	first daffodil	
foghorns . . .	we lower a kayak	into the sound
teeth on its catch	the rasp of an otter's breath	autumn dusk	
everything	we have in common	plum blossom rain	
borrowed novel?	a bookmark left	near the end	
after-night long	the singing of birds	at dawn	
starlit sky	are you sure	we are alone	
chocolate santas	do you bite the head off	or nibble the toes?	
summer twilight	push mowers stop	for crickets	
tractor overturned?	gathering crowd	arms folded	
that grassy knoll	pigeons explode	into flight	
fourth of july fireworks	girls with long pigtails	jump double-dutch	
furious mother	dressed only in a towel  -	giggling from the woods
distant thunder	names of our ancestors	sink back into stone	
misty morning??	lingering smell of cattle	in abilene	
last autumn colours??	the cloister fountain	keeps singing	
at his favorite deli	the bald man finds a hair	in his soup
miles of beach . . .	the sudden urge	to run	
elderly couple	their faces reflected	over their son's name
steel towers	webbing earth and sky??	the glow from mars	
the valley's browns	still edged with white	tinkle of the beck	
snow in the treetops--	a lullaby too heavy	for her to sing
white towels	by a wash basin	jane doe
a student arrives,	early like the rest of us...	air conditioned room
birdsong	my imaginary lover	alive again	
for?as?long?as?i?can?remember'soap?bubbles	
husking?corn'she?talks?of?old?lovers	
one more ride	with the top down	winter stars
pleasantly drunk...	fireflies come out	of the moon
haru no ame	mukashi mukashi no	monogatari	
sucking	chocolate squares	oh, it's a lonely beginning	this first night of return	to japan
fly fishing	the sound of the wind	in the reel	
last rays of sun?	crows suddenly	gold-winged	
a black bear	sunning	daisy-strewn	
autumn river?	pulled together on the deck	two white chairs	
moon eclipse	meeting our shy neighbour	for the first time	
pretty purple rose	along the water coast line	with a sweet smell occurs
the drifting boat . . .	it must have nudged bluebells	somewhere upstream	
morning mist	a parrot asks	my plan today	
night equinox -	cries of cats	tear my dream	
mountain lake	i paddle the moon path	to your cabin	
a house fly	until i open	the window	
sacr?-c?ur	a ladder almost up to	a stained glass window	
silence -	the evening snow falls	onto moss	
end of summer	our daughter's vacation	gets shorter each year	
parked on the runway	its wings drooped a b-52	the winter sun
between train tracks	recumbent beer bottles	beset by frost	
supermarket sign	the melancholia magnified	by drizzle	
the sky and I	silent exchange	thoughts and stars	
leaden sky	the sharp angle	of the swallow's turn	
only best and cheap pills:	free viagra. buying viagra online. natura
hospice terrace	the gardener disturbs	winter dust	
cool night air	folding chair	meditations	
Orange nail clippings	Turmeric moon	
heat haze?	the call of doves	from the oaks	
field mice	forage the corn bin	. . . harvest moon	
dancing in the trees...	two primates argue over	green destiny sword.
thanksgiving??	holding a bite	through the prayer	
sixth anniversary	acorns between the cracks	of the deck boards	
crowded wharf caf?	old fishermen comparing	night crawlers	
the crunch	of the first leaf	a sweet sigh	
moonlight	on the sapling's branch	an unexpected flower	
pleiades at dawn??	his hand comes to rest	on the small of my back	
bitter wind??	a crane lands among	thronging cranes	
morning alarm??	father's face	floats away	
August blue sky	the smell of sunscreen	in the subway	
bobble and bounce	of the last marshmallow...	hot cocoa	
snow geese	sarah discovers	the letter v
while dusting buddha's mouth	is smile disappeared	for a few seconds	
random rain splatters	on the sidewalk . . .	polka dots	
wooden Buddha	with a cracked head on display	no buyers	
geminids a couple	of white pills before	i go to bed	
willow by the pond	one branch stirs	its own reflection	
cemetery visit	vines overtake	the silk flowers	
dark days of winter	at my office window	I watch the sunrise	
sale pending??	crunched apples scent	the sidewalk	
first sumi-e	my apologies	to the bamboo	
white dawn . . .	the calf's breath	on the udder	
a new year's bonfire	misty rain	on the embers	
sunrise	a black woman in purple dress	glares at me	
November 1	while slowly butterfly	is her sun spot	
fooneral Mass -	in the bicker	a deid flee	
her death bed	the clackety-clack-clack	of my homebound train	
autumn twilight	the boarded up window	of the tree house	
lost??	i watch	a falling leaf	
bitter words	last night's tea steeps	in the microwave	
field of poppies	a few	tall ones	
the moon	and my wine glass	half full	
in the mist	waiting to meet you-	budding crocus	
clear stream	the one stepping-stone	under water...	
first cicada -	the hot day seems	even hotter	
camping ground -	the cries	of other people's children	
distant hurricane -	in the middle of the rain	a phone rings	
hell	a homeless man	wears a new garbage bag	
bonsai hall	we lower	our voices	
the scent of snow	a workman pulls a leaf	from fresh cement
thunder . . .	the mustang's tail	begins to sway	
at the zoo	a whistle moves	the wolf's ears	
there must be light	where they come from??	chestnut blossoms	
ebb tide beach	so much to be treasured	left behind	
over the hedge	a dragonfly	east	
snow mixes with rain?	my mother keeps calling me	by my brother's name	
dry season??	rock paintings	by a vanished people	
window moon--	the quiet sound between	tick and tock
no matter how short we may fall . . .	my image of you	shall always stand tall	
frost shimmers	the distant mountains	so close	
a wasp	struggling in the web	last apples	
ancient courtyard	bagpipes and drums pulsate	through the cobblestones	
Rain-laden cedars	my skin feels so moist today	scent of yellow rose	
daybreak . . .	a migratory bird's feather	on the path	
with added wrinkles	the paper samurai	assumes its pose	
plop	the sound of bubble	from a carp	
up disabled	a covered car	dead leaves	
the mourning ends?	walking out	into new sunlight	
after the funeral	snow covers	the dark places	
sunflower fields . . .	girls in the jeep sing,	?my favourite things?	
skinny-dipping?	the pale backs of city boys	in the moonlight	
reading	the tea leaves... the gray	in her hair	
tulips buried -	the soft silence	of April snow	
dusk??	father and son	scything the meadow	
forsythia	her ponytail	skipping along	
echo	of the pileated's call . . .	wavering lake reflection	
hazy harvest moon	leaves floating	where others sank	
restless night...	she wakes up talking to me	cicadas	
cold spring rain . . .	the depth	of her yawn	
rain-wet sidewalk??	each maple key leaves	its own signature	
in my rear view mirror	the moon	on full beam	
a movement of deer	into twilight	suddenly spring	
afraid of a boy	with an old man's eyes	needles of frost	
beanstalks??	the kids want	taller stakes	
dry september . . .	water gurgles	in my fish tank	
first snow	on the wheat stubble?	the young fox pounces	
floating	through my thought	butterfly	
forecasted storm . . .	the low-battery	in my kindle	
catching a cricket	and letting it go	hunter's moon	
a granita before	the afternoon shift	short shadows	
in memory of	kaji aso	april 25, 1936???march 11, 2006	
fairground music	a yellow-legged gull	rides the wind	
third-day moon	my side of the pizza	with anchovies	
a cup of tea	and a koan to go -	my cold morning	
the comfort	of her conversation	gentle rain	
clapboard house	in the just plowed field	sundown	
steady rain	a little salt	in my beer	
a McDo box	floats towards the fountain	insect on board	
morning mist	the iora is gone	before I recall its name	
a fallen leaf	brushes the corner	of your grave stone	
bitter wind 	the hand that cups the flame	aglow
yet another bug	buzzes the zapper	whiskey moon	
spring again	birth-marks	on the snow gums
secondhand bookshop	red wine stains	in the	
sun's rise	the voices of crows	lift it higher	
hawk, on a fence post.	first light,	the rain a kind of mist.	
remembering dad	as the day of his passing	approaches
dark corners	of a beet field?	the pelting rain	
footprints?	a warm lantern	left on the sand	
Rain on a flat tin roof. Hammers without nails	
shorter days	she covers her face	wrinkle cream	
partner after the fireworks	he marvels	at the moon	
caroling magpies	a ghost gum outlined	with light from the east	
mountain song	wind blows	natures music
first spring day??	picking up	a warm stone	
night of meteors	the first Christmas lights	go up on the block	
blood on barbed wire	a pale moon	Reveals the crime	
bird watching??	naked boys in the canal	make a pose	
morning migraine	the coo of a dove	outside my window	
slow bend in the river	he comes around	to my point of view
mountain sunset	the mockingbird's song	unanswered	
slanting lines   of rain...   on the dusty   samisen   a mouse is trotting
family chapel	my ancestor's patina	on the seats
winter dusk	a grandchild draws	my weary smile	
dwindling bonfire	a shooting star	near Orion	
Thai restaurant	Christmas songs	only in the kitchen	
typing small i	only because morning coffee	occupies my other hand...	
the coming storm	a cricket has hold	of the chevrolet
dog days	the sun-struck arc	of the angler's cast	
the wind	somewhere else	bird tracks in a light snow
last?of?the?harvest	the'scarecrow's'stake	among?the'stubble	
food channel	between commercials,	dinner burns	
winter camping	footprints end	at the yellow snow	
white peony tea--	snow so fine the night	has flowered
chapel in the rain??	the lift of white doves	against blackened stones	
old mill town	each company house	a carbon copy	
two ladies of a certain age	speak bra	- Train May	
cold night	I become	the dog's pillow	
false spring	the minty freshness	of his kiss	
dry spell?	stars sink deeper	into the well	
trapped	in the vinegar bottle	mother
sunrise	the full arc	of sprinklers	
tan lines	and coconut oil	high tide	
lightning flash	the dog's silhouette	also trembles	
East River night	cool September wind	lovers stay in their cars	
filament slides	off my father's reel	the faint current	
Superbowl Sunday	no smell	of cooking	
poolside palms	the play of shadows	all day long	
this cool morning	enough dewdrops for tea?	issa!	
to him beautiful	lived, loved, cared, raised family	she forgets his name
caterpillar	winding up the thread	of summer	
ouija board evening	through the trees	a window of sky
Windy Day	on the village walls	of leaves shadows	
storm cliffs?	the remains of a fish	in a stone	
porcelain toilet	ice cold beer and a corndog	i don't miss the sand
the carousel spins	a girl's delirious laughter	july evening...
a breeze	the leaves fall	on the petals	
worry -	the route of your nose	on glass	
rainy day	the street musician's	empty tip box	
election results	low tide clams	spit seawater	
21-gun salute-	mortar fire echoes	in his eyes	
she ties her grey hair	in a bun	August blue sky	
In bucket of water	under the night sky	moon reflected	
first cast?	sunlight along the line	sinks into the sea	
old, brittle, dry bones	found inside a uniform	a past imperfect	
dark clouds move	in between skyscrapers	the Dow goes down	
more space	for the raven's voice	winter sky	
final note	my g-string	too tight
deep winter	the thin bones	of her wrist	
earth day	even the shadows at dusk	smell green	
sun-warmed room	the patina from his touch	on the hand drums	
eye-glow	of the raccoon clan	spring constellations	
returning spring	in the dawn light she looks like	my first love	
road at dawn	the work of spiders	on my forehead	
night shift	a quick break	to look at the stars...	
soothsayer	by appointment	only
first snowflakes the caged raven	playing with its food	
i'm da bomb,	da samuri pirat,	communicating with urban hipsters,
bowing	one last time??	frozen grass	
sunrise	the granite of the skyline	lightens up	lever de soleil	le granit de la ligne des gratte-ciels	s'allume	
Winter night	He squeaks Old Tram	on Rails	
A pagoda	elders in the woods	wind blow	
night watch	in the eyes sheperds	a flock of stars	
morning ritual,	the day's greeting between us:	no intimacy.
each streetlight	with its own rain -	clock of mah-jong tiles	
dark August clouds	looking up Hiroshima	on the map	
village in the mountains . . .	a stray dog becomes	our trek guide	
almond blossoms	the weight	of raindrops	
a roadrunner stops	its tail still fanning	midday heat	
slow river	a wave of cirrus clouds breaks	across the sky	
her illness	beyond our care	winter birds	
from the far bank	the two-note squeaks of coot chicks	strobe the river	
scarred by skates	the spring ice	moans	
the big empty??	half grass	half sky	
cranes dance on silk	lotus flowers on still pond	mother's kimono
day moon	a girl with dog tags	skipping rope	
redwing blackbird calls??	the dog tugs for	another scent	
below zero	all curled up in the woodpile	the skin of a snake
blending	with ice fog . . .	my breath	
my brother's hello	the chill of the wind	on his jacket	
labor day	a crown of mushrooms	on the compost pile	
lake sunset	a blackbird's call	wobbles the cattails	
sundial	time pauses	for a cloud	
waiting for you	the changeful rhythm	of the rain	
first date	close to each other	to study the menu	
this lambent light	over autumn fields	southbound geese	
morning bells	through a crack in the shutter	one bright star	
low tide	a band of surfers	compare scars	
in the deep hollows	yellow leaves	linger	
edge of the reeds	a rattlesnake pair	tails whispering	
home again	even the ants	seem familiar	
heavy Spring rain	in a bar the beer	runs like rivers	
prom day??	on my daughter's waist	a boy's hand	
a smear of stars	from horizon to horizon??	the loon's necklace	
moonlit night	the shade of a flowering peach tree	over the wall	
spring dusk	a turtle laying eggs	in railbed cinder	
After the rain -	beer capsules	by the roadside	
i love pizza	do u love pizza?	i love pizza!
leaf smoke	the tart crunch	of an apple	
all the birds	unnamed on the fence	spring rain	
at odds today?	crow-pecked plums	in the leafy tree	
northern lights	filtering through fir trees	a distant train whistles	
blossoms in the wind	my daughter's date	idles in the drive	
winter rain	the dog and I	exchange sighs	
awake at dawn??	a snow mantle muffles	the cock's crow	
the red maple-	striptease	in the driveway	
removing	her sweater	sparks fly
bitter cold —	even the Christmas lights	seem to shiver	
decayed wet leaves??	on the storm drain	a blanched worm	
pausing	halfway up the stair??	white chrysanthemums	
distant thunder	the spindly legs	of a crane fly	
cold rain	one squirrel backs another	to the branch's end	
fallen apples	the constellation of	the gardener	
fogged window	a blend of green and gray -	hot tea with milk	
looking up	rules of punctuation??	the green hills	
a rusted truck	the wheel wells filling	with rhubarb	
coughing, the exterminator	assures me	his work is safe
cherry blossom hill . . .	children coming down	where there is no path	
?grandpa's dead . . .?	the call of wild geese	faintly heard	
empty deck	the seagull adjusts	its glide	
I saw the horizon	in the subway	in four by three	
what we don't speak of??	the rain-soaked gate	swollen shut	
second heart attack	he's careful now	hiding the polish sausage
sunset	as I walk on thin ice	I remember her	
reaching summer's end	a newspaper boat sets sail	for the horizon
slow current . . .	the rusting shadow	of a truss bridge	
after the storm	puddles of water	with rainbows	
cranberry bog	the lost fawn	visible for miles	
children are	float colored lanterns	evening Hiroshima	
my?poems?.?.?.	the?woodcarver's	pile?of?chips	
the depth of the lake	still in question?	autumn chill	
eagle cloud...	the mistral's breath	in my bones	
a butterfly	wavers in the heat	dead-end road	
hurkle-bane surgery -	on the wa	Degas' ballerinas	
spring sunshine	on the cat's belly...	mountain hermitage	
a glowworm affixed	on the clown's red shovel-nose:	the moon's glowing light
my brain is a box	full of small seagull feathers	ask me a question.
this wide sky	in the grass	a thrush's broken egg
no old habits??	the newborn's	cry	
a medevac helicopter	passes low??	scent of autumn leaves	
longest night	his forehead burning	into my hand
bikini top	pinned to the park noticeboard	end of summer
village square??	old faces borrowing angles	from the stone	
gunshot!	the tide of gulls breaks	like a scattering wave
the night	in silence silence	It becomes dark	
between sips...	reading a book	about sake	
gentle rain pigeons murmuring	under the eaves	
stale cookie	i give away	the fortune
my stone Buddha	sits in the dark	snow, snow, snow	
Easter Monday-	absent for several days	the cat is back	
wild geese	nesting in the marsh grass . . .	she takes my hand	
pale moon	my childhood gone	with her last breath	
losing track of place	on patchwork quilt	despite dropped crumbs	
fishing boats	colors of	the rainbow	
folding the tripod?	the cloud i photographed	drifts apart	
in the hot tub	my eyes on her floating breasts	hunters moon
under the burden	of its own heavy color,	dahlia in bloom
Carefully tea leaves	saved, dried, and used again	hidden poverty	
the hound's tail matches	the turn signal's beat	almost home	
pale sunrise	outside the quiet house	yellow rose blooms	
still there . . .	soul of the caterpillar	in the butterfly
Cerveteri: Etruscan necropolis.	Cerveteri: Etruscan necropolis.	
difference of opinion	the student's	loud voice
starry starry night	he wishes he had	a big thought	
first snow?	a schoolgirl twirls	with a friend	
traffic jam	a flight of geese	across the highway	
bird song	pulling me out of a dream	first day of spring	
nearly eighty -	opening	a jar of preserves	
bitter wine	time for that conversation	about Mom	
fog in the valley . . .	the cd she gave me	stutters	
rain running	off our waterproofs . . .	the cormorant pair	
summer's end -	my cat still high	on the hot tin roof	
A rippled moon :	In the pond,	A sinking stone.	
in the shadow of	office buildings, bagpiper's	amazing grace
all hallows eve	stars paint the	cemetery ground	
hail storm	the golfers run	for cover	
galahs	a deeper shade of pink	sunrise	
fragrant evening?	she thumbs through glossy pages	without reading	
November	the knife hits the vacuum	meringue	
morning walk??	nothing for the stone fence	to stop	
New Year's Eve	the warmth of his eyes	over cold champagne	
tasting	the freckle on her cleavage	with my eyes	
winter windstorm	a tea kettle whistles	on the woodstove	
smell of grass	a drop of sweat sizzles	on the mower	
body work	the crucifix gleaming	on the mechanic's chest
only trust in death	dreams often make fools of us	reality kills
iced tea??	the scent of lemon grass	from her scarf	
a bit of wind	on my bare shoulders	smell of morning	
on a dark highway	merging with darkening sky	winter solitude
in a new bucket	the same water...	looks so fresh!
the apples left	in a leafless tree: a prayer	for your lymph nodes	
no one	to forgive	spring again	
beach cottage	the musty smell	of old novels	
the moon	in a puddle	- Almost full	
evening cricket	squash vines disappearing	into other beds	
bright wind	the bronze geese	green with spring	
autumn equinox	opinions	turning	
on the clothesline	birds up	the bottom pins	
time change	most of the fallen leaves	hidden by others	
an old flame	the boat nudges	spent cattails	
the long heron a-a-wk	toward a tree . . .	middle of my daydream	
first snow	the snug fit of spices	in their rack	
i	a red shaft of light	dances on your moist eyelids:	the searing morning.
Thanksgiving Day	a rat awaits	arrival of the garbage	
mountain haze	the remains of my dream	in fading blossoms	
first warm day	the boys show off	a handful of grubs	
moonless night -	the bell buoy	talks to itself	
ebb tide	a trail of jellyfish	out to the moon	
sudden shower	the steel underbelly	of a bridge
half-moon	first day of the sales	in Oxford Street	
Asked about Le Monde	glasses upside -	how tired!	
end of a stalk	the caterpillar climbs	a ladder of air
showering yet	three in chestnut jays	brighten the day	
tying my sweater	around my waist	spring equinox	
mother's day	that first breath of air	outside the door	
wait for morning	the sun at the end of the branches	Maple	
my?world'spun	on?roller-skates	first?kiss	
dentist's chair	counting dead flies	in the striplights	
windy	a floating leaf	turns butterfly	
hospital	night adds shadow	it inside the dark	
ripening kale	a white cabbage moth	lands again and again	
a sign on the door	our sun tanning machines	are solar	
an alarm	far into the night -	his frozen feet	
snacking on	blue corn chips	moonless night	
rainy season	time slows down	on a banana slug trail	
foggy morning	near bushes smell	white flowers	
desert sand...	my sleeping bag under	a full moon	
knee deep in heather	the purple scent	of summer	
solstice shadows	the mockingbird's breast	a study in blues	
red berries	at the tip of each branch	the setting sun	
night cat	pulls its shadow	along the picket fence
zephyr	she whispers	it's me
morning wind	shadows of gulls	skim the dunes	
through the empty	wine glass on the sill?	the moonlit sea	
morning twilight...	horse asleep in the pasture	covered with frost
Sentinels of spring...	kites bobbing for care	saucy winds in March	
ballet in the   air ...   twin butterflies   until, twice white   they meet, they mate
November drizzle	I turn off	the Zen music	
the kettle whistles . . .	a blur of garden color	on the window
moonrise??	black swans make way	for the rower	
coughing and spitting	into the morning glories	then off to work again	
cloudless night	she looks into the mirror	counting new wrinkles	
spring evening	because we quietly	near violets	
summer heat...	the cats sleep	on the barbeque	
eggshell fragments	what i know of the mother	i?ve never known	
country traffic	the pickup's music	follows its dust	
windswept day	a skater opens her coat	to cross the lake	
solitary walk	dragging the stars	through pines	
a campfire dims	its flames turn to dark ashes	only to light again
through lace	the tracery of frost	on glass	
the hand that touches mine	from tree to tree	the path of wind	
time lapse photography	i too	am a leaf	
ebb tide	mangrove roots hold	a downy feather	
harvest moon :	the bigger pumpkin	waits for a face	
winter morning	this egg and me	in the kitchen	
brittle cold	the day moon	half gone	
winter dusk	the bare shoulders	of the prostitute	
an oasis	in the Bible Belt	adult book store	
overnight rain	the scent of orange blossoms	in a desert town	
lily-of-the-valley	the effortless dance	of butterflies	
kitchen embrace	the smell of her hot	apple pie	
midday heat	milk cows chew their cuds	under the oak trees
serving coffee	she asks if I take cream	the curve of her wrist	
fallen leaves	around the maple	do i have to go home	
once?a?mill?town?only?mother?here?now	
fireworks	home from the war	my uncle flinches	
kitchen sink	treasures from the beach	in a smelly heap	
morning stillness	first squeak	from the squirrel's cage	
fresh snow	the cat's paws deep	in eiderdown	
as i turn the page	napoleon leaves moscow	fading winter light	
mothers day	the expiration date	on wildflower seeds
matin noir	et blanc de brouillard	et ces croix de bois	
at the flea market	looking through books	i gave away
winter mist	at the stoplight pink sneakers	keep running	
reconstructing	a field mouse??	owl pellets	
summer rain	the shape of the birthmark	on her shoulder	
art studio	a red amaryllis leans	on the windowpane	
fields plowed??	sunflower seeds	packed in cellophane	
bonfire	the?distance?between?me	and?a?ghost'story	
glass shards	in a circle of stones	spring sunset	
false hope	a film of oil carries	bent rainbows downstream	
winter waves	she folds and unfolds	her layoff notice	
desert wind	even the stones	in unfamiliar colors	
birthday sunrise?	no extra waves	in the ocean	
a circle of teens	playing hacky sack?	summer twilight	
tractor sounds	mare and foal	touch noses	
first light the cows are browsing	frost	
spring rain	paint is peeling	the garden gnome	
spring plowing	a flock of blackbirds	turns inside out
fall morning	men move lumber	from pile to pile	
leaving the o.r.	the brain surgeon's hairpiece	askew.
sweet nothings . . .	a feeding swallow turns	into last light	
circling	the overland stage marker	migrating hummers	
temperature rising	thunderstorms and traffic noise	through the north window	
the smell of water between the iron pump and cup	
spring mist??	the baby hippo	fills the puddle	
we will miss you -	farewell, mr. vonnegut.	i laughed; wept	
campfire sparks??	someone outside the circle	starts another song	
in my dream	i am accepted	as a crow
in this bare	late-afternoon life	i make	my bare dinner	and set out fork and knife
pebbles shining   clear,   and clear   six silent fishes...   deep autumn water
leaves rustling	there goes that	crick in my knee	
blue car on the street	didn't see the leaveless twig
only thing blacker	than raven's wings: eyes dark	enough to steal the sun	
in the train	all the scents of the morning	overshadowed by the tramp asleep	
after?taps	that?heavy'silence?.?.?.	then?the?keening	
streaked?morning'sunlight?	copper?butterflies'skimming	plantain?and?clover	
in the farther   field   a scarecrow kept me   company ...   walking as i walked
crowd of umbrellas	a child opens his	face to the rain	
winter rain   deepens   lichened letters   on the grave...   and my old sadness
his passing??	the whiteness of sheets	filled by the breeze	
the barn painted	one shade lighter	than the wind	
discarding	the tea leaves	distant thunder	
mapletree buds,	their small shadows	in water-glazed mud	nearby, a bell tolls changes
Night Bar -	his nose	small bright	sweaty	
death-song:   fever-felled half-way,   my dreams arose   to march again...   into a hollow land
Summer carnival	a flat chested woman	enters the wrong rest room	
full moon	he smoothens a wrinkle	on her hand	
winter rain	Where the sheets she slept	grow colder	
urban rainbow?	the factory chimneys	glow gold	
setting sun??	the old man catching fish	and letting them go	
turning the page . . .	these photographs	mother never pasted in	
horizon, moving	only when you do, constant	ruler of the sky
the grinding gears	of a flatbed truck	snowflakes	
we let	our secrets out	empty nest	
a perfect circle	drawn in the sand??	my hand trembles	
migrating birds	my father sends the next son	on his way	
snow-viewing	with a stranger	the silence between us
in from the cold	just one sugar cube more	in my coffee	
the smell	of many campfires	in this old hunting shirt	
is spring coming	bombs raining down	on tripoli on aljazeera	
her famous blue haiku	about her divorce	and his cactus	
12.01 am	flying a drunkard's path	the year's first moth	
the dragon	now a cloud	in my sky	
woodsmoke and fog	along the river bank	three trails meet	
empty bleachers	a sparrow takes a dust bath	behind home plate	
the sound of foam	withdrawing from the shore	our unsaid goodbyes	
on the same bus	the same strangers	as yesterday
my closet	it keeps so many	of my single socks
unanswered	the dog's howl fades	into the night	
East Side skyline	the UN building looks	more like a hospital	
sea cliff	fledgling gannets	face the wind	
a faint chance of snow	?the right money moves	for the year ahead?	
indian summer . . .	a bag of green peppers	turning red	
forest silence...	the cool green glow of lichen	wet with sunlit steam	
night stillness	a new mail	in the inbox	
the wind all night	rips limbs from the trees-	a long wait for dawn	
a bit drunk	the sea	softly crashing	
a fish soars	impaled?on?osprey?talons?	the soft blue sky	
skin mapping	the familiar constellations	on his back	
roadhouse	a patched screen door	squeaks us through	
pathless moor	the cackle of grouse	hidden by mist	
her gray hair	gone blonde??	first day of spring	
first of october	clipping peppers	in the evening rain	
new year's day?	my son lets the tide	seep into his sneakers	
first day of the year -	an old cut	starts to bleed	
sunset stroll . . .	the labrador's nose streaked	with pollen	
distant lightning	cottonwood seeds drift	over the dry earth	
fat bellies	of sparrows	february's extra day	
the longest night	a snow-covered pine	bends toward earth	
in its shade	remembering the summer	i planted this willow
short-cut home	weaving my shadow	through storm-toppled trees	
somewhere	in the graveyard	birdsong	
finding her letter	in his old leather jacket	winter solitude
hi! my little   hut   is newly-thatched   i see...   blue morning-glories
daybreak	birdsong glides	from oak to elm	
budding trees	a stone bird's eyes	locked to the sky	
hurricane season started	my neighbor buys	a hybrid car	
snowman	in the parking lot	anatomically correct
rain is falling down.	the leaves are green and orange	i am wet and cold.
she's plucking eyebrows	from the wall mirror like an	escher drawn escher	
afternoon tea??	each ant takes away	a granule of light	
half light	not knowing what today	will bring
first snowflakes	darkness and my face	on the windowpane	
how high into	the hillside cemetery	the fog tide rolls	
fallen leaf	the stream carrying	another silence
my daughter starts college	another empty	pint of beer	
a slower	moon this evening...	the cold!	
eating rice	how many stars are	in the sky?	
summer dusk	the sound of high heels	from the backyard	
waiting...	dandelion fluff	lands on the table	
the way grass parts	as the pheasant passes	spring's end	
lady butterfly   perfumes her wings   by floating   over the orchid
songwriter's lunchbreak??	a dishrag muffles	the windchimes	
end of path	snowflakes melting	on the pond	
winter and spring	summer with sunlight once again	silver autumn moon.
mary poppins is	here at bear valley middle	school and is very...?
Waiting room	a very old magazine	2000...	
dropping valentine chocolates	he quickly swaps them	for another box
handshake??	our sleeves touched	by the autumn wind	
his grave?	a butterfly lands	on a plastic flower	
spring storm -	the tall pine leans	toward the short	
bone chilling??	not enough night	for all the stars	
cicada shell??	the boy demands to	change his name	
spring rain?	a puddle at the end	of the hopscotch ladder	
chipped nail polish	the red	of a leaf falling	
Brittle scent	of a summer storm	lightning's sillage	
grandfathers funeral	cousin kate, air kissing,	spies a mirror, checks her makeup.
first trick or treat	the toddler reaches	for her mother's face
thudding surf??	her permission	to be blunt	
meditation??	a hickory nut	hits the skylight	
march moon?	the melted snow	begins to freeze	
first day of school	the latin teacher	coated in chalk	
wiping his eyes	before the lights come up-	sad movie	
tree less corners	the tall shadows	of beer bottles	
returning chill	dissonate melodies	from the ice cream truck	
holding the binoculars	in her handsshe has	more rings than Saturn	
sunrise gray to white	midday black limbs shadow snow	sundown blue returns
as heartbeats hasten	a butterfly emerges...	glee takes flight too
flies wait it out	under a cows chin	spring shower
all night rain	she begins with	?let's talk?	
ice patch	the surprising strength	of mother's grip	
lakewind billows	the minister's robe?	easter sunrise	
winter moon	a tired old man	in the mirror	
a great cement lion	guards my front door 	i sneak out the back.
power failure?	the mockingbird	keeps on singing	
morning rush hour??	an osprey points a fish	into the wind	
first snowflake	shivering of the universe	on an eyelash	
how much	do the neighbors know?	my grass grows long	
lazy river . . .	drifting toward the equinox	on an inner tube	
hurricane alert	a sudden urge to visit	his grave	
i wait for the weather forecast, wiping sunflower pollen from the windowsill	
summer moon?	the changing rhythms	of a basketball	
winter seclusion	yeast froth rises	in candlelight	
moon-paved road	I take the lane	without the dogs	
business trip ending	my shadow pulls a briefcase	from the car trunk	
flowering crabapple:	in and out of morning sun	the lark's song	
dense foliage?	the full strawberry moon	makes a path	
March morning	look eastward	fukushima	
it breaks the silence	the negra lullaby	there over the pier	
icy cobblestones??	the tinsmith	stokes the forge	
the kite soars	to the end of the string	indigo sky	
nearly 60	so many mountains around me	still unclimbed	
humid afternoon	the billboard painter	brushing on a smile	
smoke over the river	the restlessness	of crows	
longest winter night.	the owl didn't return	to the nest.	
a cicada rasps again	and again the baby	shakes her rattle
rain from the west	sifts through the porch screen??	the evening cool	
acacia seeds rattle	in the autumn breeze...	missing you
winter drags on . . .	i squeeze the last drops	from a teabag
life goes on	though my bike isn't here	spring breeze
autumn	night??	a stranger paints her lips	before the next stop	
post to post	a woodpecker searching	the meadow fence	
wetting fingers	to pick up crumbs	insomnia	
chuntering at something	the blackbird on the fence post	- election day	
too wired to sleep	too tired to dream	winter wind	
snow	on the stones . . .	the stream	
scent of the river	in some of the laundry	indian summer	
she keeps speaking	into the stillness	autumn stars	
a change	on my mammogram	snow moon	
Upper East Side	their graffiti	is cooler	
occupying Wall Street	the ghosts	of my retirement dreams	
the house finch	has a song for it,	morning after snow
a spider crawls	from the bonsai pot??	cello notes	
sweltering heat	a black and yellow field spider	bundles a grasshopper
hunter's moon	the gator's eyes	hold the light	
mountain churchyard . . .	even the rocks	painted white	
A red berry falls	Staining the snow	A silent sunset.	
sifting pebbles	my fingers pause to read	the broken one
Minnesota cold	even motorcycles	hibernate	
early to bed	a wild winter night	in the downpipe
the wet kleenex snow	blob on the sidewalk holds her	entire small handprint	
silence of dawn	some steam rises	My bowl	
wembley stadium??	a blackbird sings	to empty seats	
iceberg	a tip of his white breast	emerges	
geese honking	children in the	bathtub playing	
day moon	dandelion seeds	drift by	
lemon blossoms	by an open window	. . . sunday bells	
delicate sweet flower	growing with the wind	soft summer breeze
late rising moon	fireflies decorate	the tamarind tree	
morning stillness . . .	sunlight dapples	the ropes of the swing	
old laptop	I back up my data	to the cloud	
wind-carved sand . . .	i crumble a bayberry leaf	to bring her back	
one firefly	my childhood	before my eyes	
frozen eyes	of the just netted fish	winter rainbow
snow beginning to drift	my mother shares memories	she never had	
blue sky	the smell of	suntan lotion	
friend's funeral	a stranger uses	her teapot
summer morning...	a garden lizard drinks	the dewdrop on a leaf	
fading light -	a red leaf bouquet	at the smallest grave	
frost melt??	the pewit	speaks its name	
hunting a monkey	in the forest with my bro	so crazy o so crazy.
ticklish course	insect on my cheek	- Aircraft crossing	
black clouds	the rain barrel still full	of cobwebs	
winter sunset	on the surf line	jellyfish globes	
magpie nestlings??	redgum widow-makers	creak in the wind	
tracing the fades	of the spring river	the wagtail's tail	
lifeless bumblebee??	the ground around it	darkens with raindrops	
autumn wind	unwinding summer's	entanglements	
covered by snow	like the other stones	little Buddha	
hallway light flickers??	i inch towards	the dead mouse	
weathered bridge	everything but the moon	drifting downstream	
all your base are be-	long to us. you are on the	way to destruction.
the wide blue sky	following behind	an orange tractor	
evening shadows	a mouse darts	from the fireplace	
come come! come   out!   from bogs old frogs   command the dark   and look ... the stars!
fluttering breeze	the moth sticks its legs	through a screen	
rippling	the breeze arrives	and retreats	
honeymoon dinner	nothing to talk about	until the tip
soldiers coming home . . .	three wasps circle where	the nest used to hang	
willow scent	a kingfisher hangs	in the air	
night rain?	the small serrated song	of a frog	
shimmering lake	how unimportant	what's important	
lullaby	meteorites flash	beneath heavy lids
under a haiku	Winter and white smoke	a crushed insect	
daffodil shoots??	all these years	as an accountant	
emergency room	pieces of autumn leaves	litter the floor	
late into the night	our two empty cups	since a long time	
new neighbor	eyeing the worn path	between our houses
leaves turning	she still smiles when she sees me	after all these years	
grandfather's grave	just another stone	for the dragonfly	
scent of lilies	orange pollen	on my white sweater	
abandoned house -	glycine crosses	the garden wall	
frosty morning	the lifelss tracery	of a lacewing
adult walk	a skip	in the child's step	
campsite faucet	the day's last sunlight	drips away	
the dust of two towers	is slowly obscured by smoke	from a thousand towns.	
winter pasture	the gray mare favors	one leg	
moonlight . . .	the white peonies	all to myself	
Beaujolais Nouveau	Red Dress	the young wine merchant	
hot afternoon	a flirting couple	in the memorial's shade	
river sunset	cranes wade through	crimson clouds
sunset	the heron steps out	of his shadow	
to feel nothingness...	in evening when the nightingale	became dumb
red poppies...	the butterfly always just	out of reach	
Dancing in the yard	rows of tidy daffodils	oh so very yellow	
starry night	a doe's breath	frozen on her fawn	
foghorns...	we lower a kayak	into the sound
mid-winter doldrums	the stone angel	with a handful of snow	
Old chestnut tree	white candles sway	Spring wind	
midsummer	under a leaf	hidden from
while making love	the last icicle	falls	
ignoring the directions	on the gps??	indian summer	
crescent moon	the fullness	of her hips	
slack tide...	we both reach	for the same skipping stone
blizzard day	extra brown sugar	on my oatmeal
hitokoto mo iwanu warera ya tera no aki	
a friend . . .	a friend of a friend	twilight	
sunset	an ice cream vendor forgets	to put a cherry on top	
spring rain	i slip another iou	into his piggy bank
santoka too	passed away on this date??	wine with my tears	
a thin trail	to the spider's nest . . .	wet paint	
sparsh-swars	from the sitar . . .	jasmine breeze	
veterans? home	with his left-handed hook	a paper swan	
spring thaw	water from the fridge drips	onto the floor	
katydid chorus	nothing that can?t wait	until tomorrow	
drilling deeper	my dentist talks me into	amnesty international
the laughter of children	running uphill . .	Gettysburg	
september mist??	someone	i've lost	
first pussy willow	I open my notebook	of unfinished poems	
it was raining out	as i looked out the door	then there was thunder
one?part?loneliness	one?part?boredom	waning?crescent	
first coffee -	color spot	the new calendar	
salmon run	does the river too	have memory?	
birthmark removed	she saves up	for a blue tattoo
Summer barber shop	sudden silence	as a blonde bombshell comes in	
majestic dragons	spread their incandescent wings,	and soar through dark skies
cherry blossoms	today the courage	to speak to her	
not watching the fireworks	the big black dog	in a child's lap	
quiet suddenly,	and crossing the summer lake	the rain comes in sheets
somber skies	drifts of dead fir needles	on the road	
the courtship songs	of so many birds	wind through my shirt	
one year to another	a haiku to another	just a blank line	
a moth flutters	over the candle flame...	damned fool	
rumors??	a hillside	of kudzu	
hiking trail	a tarantula and i	back up together	
shouting couple	wave after wave nears	the seawall	
winter twilight	an arc of crows	echoes the mountain	
sirens nearing	a sudden breeze sways	the basket of cactus	
winter solstice	the road narrows	into one-way	
memorial tablet	copper letters push up	through the snow	
waiting for the heron	to turn my way??	winter rain	
the old town	even now the rough stones	soak up the warmth	
where dirty snow	meets road salt	a dozen roses	
a tap	on the shoulder??	a raindrop	
tree-filled swamp...	the silent air	its own shade of green
the young mother	stoops to warm the child's mittens	between her gloves
the feeling ends	i don't know why	spring returns
orange nasturtiums	the stir of life	in my womb	
fireworks off	near the full moon	on the sea	
the blues singer	tells how bad it is	then the sax tells you too
wild iris	in the marsh	unreachable	
moving reflections	of clouds upon the water	blurred from gods tears
medieval city	a construction crane	touches the sky	
learning to weave	one breath between us	the long night	
surf murmurs	the basso continuo	behind the dunes	
the windfalls	he gathered	gathering dusk
an old love song??	mother slices	homegrown tomatoes	
so why the plunder,	this is our only home,	worship the planet.
crow caws	in all directions . . .	the endless traffic	
Holy Week	three bare trees	against a gray sky	
icy rain	the clatter of teacups	on a wobbly cart	
summer's end	a flatbed's loose chain	rattles down the road	
dogday night	one bug zap	at a time	
morning haze	Wall Street has	disappeared	
high tide -	the edge of the salt	at the foot of pants	
end of the walk	returning the crow's feather	where i found it
haze over the hills	the rain has filled	this morning's footprints	
the day's first bull	trots into the ring . . .	snow on the mountains	
desert garden	frosted lettuce leaves	in the pink dawn	
waiting for a blizzard to come	the bar tender ran out	of white rum	
that long-ago kiss	and still Orion strides	the winter sky	
low gray sky??	an afghan warming	on the radiator	
first snow	a drift of cattle	against the fenceline	
nightfall	a freezing wind brings	the chimes of goat bells	
April warmth-	a new crop of dandelions	since yesterday	
circle of lamplight??	i complete the baby quilt	begun for me	
the clerk's lip ring	i forget	what i wanted
as the train passes	graffiti murals	sunset paints the sky red	
mountain storm	somewhere during its echo	the thunder ends	
summer flood	my father wades	through the stars
after the stars	trout bones	on a white plate	
twilight storm	the stones from low tide	still on my desk	
windy night	look at the sick man	last leaves	
topless,	the skyscraper	in rain mist	
some think horrific	on the ground, white all around	i say terrific
Martin Luther King Day	Obama is busy	at work	
cherry petals drifting	across the sunny porch	the cat yawns	
first kiss?	the lilacs still heavy	with last night's rain	
the dull clack	of a channel marker	bent dune grass	
standing waves	the tide's quiet way	up river	
north wind	buffets the hilltop field	black-eyed susans	
spring rain	the dogwood	half petals, half leaves	
dappled sunlight	men group around	their frothy beers	
a small cabin	the moon	gets into everything	
setting star	the mountain rises	black with night	
revolving door?	a gust of holiday laughter	warms the sidewalk	
on the roof late?	my brother hammers nails	in the moon	
song sparrow	again and again	no answer	
waning moon	the fox's bloody footprint	in the snow
awake too early	trees shrouded in mist	the slow tick of a clock	
by that fallen   house   the pear-tree stands   full-blooming ...   an ancient battle-site
talk of suicide -	mother and daughter	on the way home	
concertina echoes...	the gnarled trunk	of an olive tree	
thunderheads	the clam dropped by a gull	misses the rock	
morning fog	on the coastal route	wild mustard	
visitor's day	buttons just right	her dress inside out
low-hanging fog	a line of surfers waits	for the next wave	
long after	the witching hour	a candle flutters	
hot night	an odor widens	her nostrils	
meditation . . .	a pinecone plunks	the koi pond	
in the shed	calendars	of cobwebs	
my stock portfolio -	puddles filled	with winter rain	
night rain	the new puppy suckles	in his sleep	
late spring	each clock in the house	shows a different time	
in an old snapshot	His Irish smile still flashes	her slight, shy smile, too	
autumn sunset	the lit bellies on a string	of geese	
parents? quarrel . . .	through the glass-bottomed boat	another world	
abandoned playground	the graffiti	fades	
birds chirping a lot	people singing all the time	birds are going south!
new motorcycle	we pass through the scent	of someone's dinner	
silver frost	a pigeon wing tilts	to the rising sun	
indian summer	the viagra stock	deflates	
grating turnips	into a steel bowl	afternoon snow	
green tips of jonquils	grandpa changes the oil	in the lawn mower	
funeral day	family feuds	not laid to rest
a man alone	on a porch ...	smoke unfurling	
cicada dusk??	trouble in the sound	of my mother's voice	
crossing the hopscotch	two old women	avoid the lines
a letter stuck	in the 11th floor mail chute	summer night
earthquake?	the lingering scent	of jimson weed	
a long line	at the drinking fountain	ants	
sweet basil	dried snail tracks crisscross	the window box	
sunset over the sea	I remember when my mother	ran faster than me	
deep winter	rooks call other rooks	through the dusk	
rain today	a foot tapping	of its own accord	
rain all day stacks of old magazines closer to the door	
last sun	the footprints over the dunes	filled with shadow	
hotel entrance	we re-examine	the stars	
waking alone??	mourning doves	in the rain	
house for sale	the pear tree in blossom	we make an offer
washing-up done-	through netted windows	a fading sunset	
spring rain . . .	the dog's coat finer	than mine	
Oh, a cold rain	again fills the river	with circles	
family reunion	some of the beached kelp	in knots
our anniversary	so many candle flames	in the mirror	
no letter today . . .	fog takes away the bend	in the road	
winter rain	finding that part of silence	which speaks to me
night walk full moon	steel rails gleam	to vanishing point	
in the season	of wandering dragonflies	my urge to roam	
snowmelt...	my neighbor and I forget	we're not speaking	
tails of two balloons?	all they take	with them	
again this year	the wind-sown poppies	flower between stones	
Mardi Gras -	burd-brods	thrang	
Columbus Day	the UPS guy knocks	on the wrong door	
the last of winter	the crucifix covered	with a purple shroud	
spring sky?	the unfocused stare	of a newborn	
late from break:	the dash through bees and clover	in heels	
sunshine	the colours	of the hill	
red spots...	only poppies	in the green grass	
fireplace ash	a mouse's journey	from here????????to there	
before tonight's frost	bringing in a cricket's song	with the geraniums	
tired new mom -	brown leaves	falling from the green trees	
Sunday morning	two dogs sniff each other	while their owners chat	Dimanche matin	deux chiens se sniffent	alors que leurs maîtres parlent	
leaving home	the warmth still inside	my freshly ironed shirt	
white sun	burning through November sky	her nth unanswered call	
still pond	a crooked coconut tree licks	its own image	
the old ball field??	a turnstile	going nowhere	
moths on the door	i close	and lock	
spirits	on the painter's brush??	autumn woods	
autumn flowers -	Old Men at the park	Taking the sun	
glissandos	rippling from the strings	wind from the sea	
murky mess of thought,	twitching in the unconscious;	submerged energy.
even green half	she deserves a haiku	the last strawberry	
that cricket -	it's THERE	or THERE!	
wilderness canyon	my shout and its echo	quickly lost in time	
Valentine's Day	thin ice covers	the pond	
winter sky??	a skein of wild birds	unravels	
halloween snow	the yeti's	tiny footprints	
crowded square??	a mime's glance	crosses mine	
lapping at the bottom	the stairs from the dock	- A smell of piss	
broken necklace	in each pearl spread	a bit 'of Heaven	
a wave	passing waves	full moon
the stump chewed	to a fine point??	winter lodgings	
spring night?	squirting green dish detergent	on the roach	
monotonous rain	frogs singing	in many voices	
daywake	the chirping	car alarms
steel grey sea	an old woman cuts kelp	from the rocks	
dim the grey   cow comes   mooing mooing   and mooing   out of the morning mist
autumn wave . . .	the hiss	of tiny pebbles	
liquidambar	already my toddler's hair	darkening
from bee sting	to emergency room	six stop lights
cold morning	the soap bar	razor thin	
thick fog?	the sound of raven wings	between firs	
polaroid of her lover	coming clearer	with time
in the music room	with each in-breath	hyacinths	
cycling uphill??	the butterfly	passes me	
leaver's day	a wind too strong	for butterflies	
each time the train stops	a mother resumes	her lullaby
cabin steps	fresh birch seeds	since morning	
first date	trying not to talk	to her cleavage	
chance encounters lie	dormant in the daily air;	time's foggy grayness.
processional	cold wind lifts one corner	of the pall	
Guid Friday -	cruciform a maw snuves	athort the lift	
japanese garden -	the pouring rain	on the stone buddha	
half-way home	a pint of stout	to keep out the cold	
as I pass her boyfriend's house	a full moon	Winter's chill	
labor day??	scraping mold off	government cheese	
though touch-less	the intimate rustle of silk	
driving to the airport??	the smell of dog	lingers on my hand	
art class:	nude model	slippery chalk
two plovers	and their shadows	ploughed fields	
i must turn   over...   beware of local   earthquakes   bedfellow cricket!
checking the map	the road disappears	into a fold	
sunlit moon	the whiskey shines	between sips	
first snow	a clueless teenager	died from an overdose	
temple procession	so many gods	under one moon	
Mass is over -	the smell of incense perfumes	chicken market	
taking a bite	from the wild apple	old, old memories	
midnight moon	afraid	to turn another page	
in the miror -	an earthy taste	in mouth	
deer carcass	alongside the highway	silently accepts the rainstorm	
winter session	in the kitchen	my cracked teacup	
passing sailboat?	the jetty cormorant's	outstretched wings	
doom on one machine,	haikus on the other one...	lunch break in summer.
gloomy day	the farmer's motorbike light	on the flooded field	
quiet morning	the delicate balance	of snow on boughs	
opening my hand	i return the moth	to  the  darkness
emptying the wine bottle -	another conversation	about Mom	
invisible door	the orphan opens it	for his brother	
lakeshore at dusk	the mountain reappears	with strawberry snow	
spring melt	his ashes still	not scattered
honeybees sway	on the snowdrops	one of her good days	
leaden sky	this dead finch	weighs nothing	
solstice rain	the day begins and ends	with juncos	
the river streaks pell-mell	on either side of Eel Pie Island	two pied wagtails	
butterfly	the thought of myself	not thinking	
wet sand?	a crab comes up	out of the moon	
cattle lowing . . .	a clod of earth	clings to the fork	
old pond ice	stirred by spring wind	osprey feathers	
dawn . . .	amid bird calls	the sound of a broom	
stones stacked	inside the wheelbarrow	a firefly's glow	
spring evening	a heron moves slowly north	piercing the pond	
perhaps time is spent	better when working on	your own web site. ha!
a salmon leaps	grandpa starts to sing	with a brogue	
Christmas market	Alsatian sauerkraut	on the Brittany stand	
apologies?	cutting the bruise	from the apple	
equinox	two limes	in my margarita	
freeze warning	from the end of the bar	she looks back	
Gandhi's birthday	constantly relighting candles	during the peace March	
shop window	the beggar's reflection	in new clothes	
night crossing	tijuana border guard	in sunglasses
sometimes	sunny sundays in november	are unfair	
half-frog pose	I lie and listen	to the rain	
Christmas Day	a present of rain	on the pony's back	
saving her best dishes	for a better day	my eighty year old mother
windless day -	a man whistling	on the street	
here other	than wind's lamentation	nothing is	
summer dusk	i douse the young fig tree	with today's dishwater	
early morning sun	scattered on the table	several grains of salt
scenting two pages	of the Webster's Unabridged...	wild lilac	
day is done	poppies amidst	the dying grass	
rainy day	precipitation	in the baby's nappy	
the visual feast	of the first plum blossom	hunger moon	
winter dawn	a tub of washing	all run blue	
the hurricane's approach	in the dark, a hickory nut	bounces off our car
intermission	- The death of the first act	serves beers	
the dinosaur museum	i have to be there	for the grandchildren	
all night snow	the cat burrows deep	into my dream
stormy night	the excitement of water	in the kettle	
in her eyes	the end our date	the moon	
traffic at night -	she talks about	cholesterol	
her mind going	great-grandma's slippers	in her purse
a saddening   world:   flowers whose sweet   blooms must fall...   as we too, alas...
snow drifts	above the bear's den	starry night
cicadas	none of the sawn boards	even in length	
summer evening	the woodpecker	finishes	
wildfire	the thermometer climbs	all night
at anchor	tankers	wide blue sea white sky	
autumn morning	the smell of fresh rain	in my coffee	
soothing rain:	the mown meadow releases	pungence of mint
afternoon hush?	the cat takes another step	towards a robin	
guided hike	beyond the talk	quiet woods	
as if moss	were not enough??	the spotted salamander	
early morning	the spent lily	falls apart	
penny	on the railroad tracks	summer doldrums	
leaves crackling-	in her grave tiny hands sweep	leavings of sparrows	
Eucharist	pious women still weeping	for Jesus	
liberty market	one free pickle	from the barrel	
the bent nail	where garlic hung . . .	winter moon	
Hurricane Irene	in the semi-darkness	a cold breakfast	
hard frost	a dumpster's lid	slams shut	
giggles	in grandma's afghan	winter moon	
silvered leaves	the sound of a jet	inside the rain	
grey morning	the shire horse's fetlocks	caked with mud	
twilight	the meadow	cricketing	
christmas morning	the blue eye	of the rockinghorse	
glass door -	a moon of hopscotch	in the entrance	
well-dressed matron	her delight on finding	the heads-up penny
birdsong	a shovel leans	in the snow
hot sun	a canoe full of corn grains	losing gold	
tornado warning?	the sprinkler's	tiny??hiss	
leap year	looking a her twins	a squinting woman	
morning twilight	stars fade	but the cardinal . . .	
attempted haiku	may seem contrived or may not	how about this one
Snow sky -	she gives a little blue	over his eyes	
the hooked fish's	last gasp . . .	its eye on me	
St. Patrick's Day	in front of the pub	yellow pouring out of the daffodils	
noon day sun	old elephant	stands on its shadow
the young cat	follows each sound	knitting needles	
tossing and turning	all through the night	mockingbird song	
from god's lips	to my ears	spring breeze
Cochrane Alberta	Coyotes howling in the night	Honking, geese at dawn	
once upon a time,	(how original that was)	...where was i again?
slave quarters...	the shapes of their shadows	in this dust
third day of snow	neighborhood kids build	a rhinoceros	
waking up??	the lightest speckle of rain	on the lake	
sound of footsteps	football has to a can	Silence and then	
sign of summer	a street child frees	an old newspaper kite	
winter solstice	the flock of starlings	takes a new shape	
early spring	everything	dripping	
morning fog	dissolving cypress -	sfumato	
fresh tar	black-eyed susans	lost in the scent	
distant virga	the ranch dog's eyes	different colors	
steady Spring drizzle	a couple stop	to kiss	
autumn	an empty booster seat	in the barber's window
i pause	halfway up the stair . . .	because she has paused	
a solitary night	this quiet communion	with fireplace flames	
ripples in the sand	and then round in water	low tide and then high	
sundown in the empty bar	the player-piano keys	begin
millet seeds	sticking to the cardinal's beak??	winter rain	
spring sky	two magpies fill	the pine	
dry leaves??	between each step	a silence	
floating	in the dishwater	a pair of chopsticks
feeling the shape	of the wrapped gift	i put on a polite face
sun fringed clouds	a carrion crow struts	from sleeper to sleeper
bullfrogs croak	in the river	women harvest stones	
gathering silence	in my mind is	the hardest thing to do
high desert sun	the field of poppies	shining back	
sleep brings needed calm	after a long day of work.	close your eyes and dream.
a grackle	in every tree	random thoughts	
lonely is a place	inside	the call of a loon	
my key	turns in the lock	lilac scent	
his small please?	a burial procession	for the fish	
against my skin	the roughness of firewood	hoar frost	
harvest moon	the scarecrow	wears a tie	
drawn blinds . . .	just in time a skink slips	from my sandal	
medicine?ball?.?.?.	we'stand?closer	this?year	
water thrush...	as if time never	visited here
thin winds...	in the empty barn	a well-honed scythe
not a bride anymore	still the plum	blossoms	
wild Foehn	another murder	goes unsolved	
starry night	one firefly	after another	
troubled sleep	somewhere in the darkness	an unlocked door	
a pawn sacrificed	keeping the game alive	this freezing night	
rusty stovepipe	leaking blue woodsmoke	?winter sky	
morning haze	she tries jasmine	in her hair	
space'station	dropping?behind	the?horse?chestnut?trees	
spring flood	the ache	of old loves	
dew-spangled meadow?	a pickup leaves	new ruts	
blizzard	too much powdered sugar	even for Valentine Day	
full moon	my monthly loss	for words	
if people ask	and dewdrops answer	is the lesson learned?
spring mist a mallard paddles	through our stillborn's ashes	
computer drone	overtaken by the sound	of pounding rain	
winter's end-	a folded poem	stops the window rattling	
dawn	i come face to face	with a mountain	
new wine	adobe walls	in shadow	
under the "ripe" sign	at the fruit market	my nine-month belly
roadside tribute	last year's leaves	cover a fox	
mile-long jetty	tourists toss starfish	into the sky	
home for christmas?	my brothers argue over	the cracker jack prize	
in the quiet	of a love scene	our cat purrs	
a little escape	from the world and its affairs??	the scent of jasmine	
old dog gets up	just to lie back down	end of winter	
first buds	she only counts	the green cars	
full moon??	the baby monitor	sighs	
family squabble	daddy exhales	on his glasses	
moonlit garden?	the asparagus	overcooked again	
mortgage paid off??	thatch from our yard	in the robin's beak	
the gift pen	runs out of ink??	summer rainstorm	
avalanche warnings -	more tails of rain	and radiation	
at the deep end	of a winter day	birdsong	
after the funeral	we get into	our comfortable clothes
sunlight & dust	the rolling colts socks	kicked into air
dawn	waiting for the light	at the end of the tunnel	
leaving the fair	high on my father's shoulders??	distant sunset	
i go to bed you stay downstairs	the windscreens ice over	
a wash of daisies	along the cliff top . . .	the whales give a blow	
the stars in the sky	twinkle so bright in my eye	looking up at me
small town -	the welcome wagon	slowly rusts away	
sudden rain	cows crowd the entrance	to the hotel	
first light	my dream mother opens	her blue eyes	
moonlit pond . . .	he lifts his child above	the threat of frogs	
drifting clouds . . .	the exam hall	bright sometimes	
in like a lion . . .	the buds	of a pussywillow	
summer shower	my face flows down	the windowpane	
quiet lake	the only sound	a jumping fish	
part of a dog	walking by upside down	in the roadside puddle
pan-fried trout	i learn something new	about my father	
autumn leaves	the harvest moon	fades	
empty room	endless TV ads	for nobody	
row of silver oaks	the first touch of frost	in my hair	
valley oak	all the colors of fall	in a single leaf	
the hills stir	with unmown hay . . .	summer dusk	
hunter's moon	searching	for my keys	
summer's end	a broken chair sits	at the water's edge	
rain . . .	a cup of chamomile tea	and	
fiery sunset	her ruby fingertips	against his lips	
each day less light,	the smell of printer's ink	on the morning newspaper	
spring day-	the wall clock	still winter	
rental truck	filling our house	with echoes
autumn depths...	a mole dreaming	of darkness	
condoms:	the checker asks me to slide	my card more slowly
dislodged	from its tangle of branches	beaver moon
sea breeze	under full sail	a pregnant skipper	
white sheets on the line	slow-motion clouds	in the summer sky	
faded asters	the cortege pauses at her gate	moves on	
crescent moon	my old knees	creak up the stairs	
week after christmas	an empty throne	in the mall	
serious	she takes off her sunglasses	to speak english
warm, calm summer night	can't see the whole monitor...	kitty's limp, bent paw
cold rain	barbed wire in the middle	of an oak	
how many wanderers	have followed the sun	down?
sailing the seas	of my subconscious	her fishnet stockings	
Passover darkness -	before the buds burst open	a child's eyes in death.	
dim porch light	I spit orange seeds	into the darkness	
boat harbour	an old fisherman moored	by his handline
there???????not there	the spider's thread	catches sunlight	
my son's birthday	a red poinsettia leaf	flutters to the ground	
summer cabin??	i do away	with the curtains	
Ash Wednesday	a dusting	of snow	
new moon	a missing	mouse trap	
good friday	the outstretched arms	of the espalier pear	
first autumn colour--	taking the heirloom	meant for my sister
spring training??	a father catches	his breath	
autumn dusk the crooked road home
red wagon	the sound of soda bottles	along a pebbled path	
working Saturday	the small shadows of pigeons	in the fog	
silence between us	the sound	of a candle	
beach stones	the sun's warmth	fills my hand	
darkening clouds	i press cold earth	on tulip bulbs	
first day of spring.	a little girl drawing the sun	on the sidewalk
sunset	the sound of people singing	as I pass a church	
slow boats	the wind pushes a butterfly	out to sea	
ooame ya	tobimawaru wa	shiroki cho	
summer's end . . .	as the stream turns	colored leaves follow	
breakfast alone	I find the dove's feather	he left for me	
early thaw	last year's potatoes	sprout in the hutch
morning star??	frost in the paperboy's	bicycle tracks	
north carolina??	the lush local dialect	of mockingbird song	
retirement options	first ice	rims the campus pond	
mud month??	a line of fox tracks	divides the field	
snow melt	the tiny dot	of a mountain goat	
deadlines . . .	an ice cream truck's song	in the distance	
halloween??	catfish bob	for ripe persimmons	
with each pull of oar,	tadpoles scatter	from the lily pads	
fresh cut hair itches	a reminder of my loss	i weep for the past
the hobo frets fast	in a desert, very vast	then he burst in flames
the heart	drawn in snow	still falling
filtered sunlight	where the forest thins	daffodils	
late night rain	the crickets finally	silent	
bringing only	silence	the storm cloud's weight	
walking alone	the filtered sounds	of the hototogisu	
snow covered field	the impressions	of angels	
sunrise	the purple buds	in her flat garden	
the moon is broken	Battersea Power Station	from a train window	
mourning dove calls . . .	my elderly neighbor stills	the sound of her hoeing
October night	who cares how stocks did	crescent moon	
so cold -	a goose honks its way	across the night sky	
the stench	of a dead sheep	in summer	rain	
even seagulls	imitate the stones	first frost	
graduation day	in the gait of our son	your younger stride
Bouquet	on the lower leaves	a snail	
idling bus	the driver blows	into cupped hands	
A tunnel of fog	connects the two islands	warmth of my duvet	
hanging on the rope-	lost among the old clothes	the moon's kimono
July dawn	the pier is littered	with beer bottles	
sleepless night -	two motionless tégénaires	the bottom of the sink	
withering garden??	ladybugs neatly wrapped	in spider silk	
the things i think	i can't do without	lunar eclipse	
morning haze	I watch	high definition TV	
fresh cut lawn	a dozen fireflies	inspect the job	
evening calm	a trout glides through a bay	of spent caddis nymphs	
hometown	the hug	of the hills	
hazy dawn	a skunk's white stripe	blends with the daisies	
a snail	thrusts out its horns	soft rain	
spring dusk??	a camellia follows	the curve of the moon	
something startles	the rabbit field . . .	mackerel sky	
the breeze in the trees,	fast and cool when it hits me,	makes me shake my knees,
summer past?	the peony	that never bloomed	
winter moon	the manhole cover's warmth	
silhouette...	a shining snow path to	a pale moon	
roadside walk	a beggar stretches	leg as hand	
clouds fringed with rain...	the pony's pregnant belly	brushes sweet clover	
morning sun	stroking its warmth	through the old dog's fur	
Gulf oil spill reaches	the wet lands	bird songs black out	
fireworks gone	Orion's beauty remains	in the stillness	
her therapy	the basket	unwoven
on the chimney	blue roofer	- Vernal Equinox	
don't touch my   plumtree!   said my friend   and saying so ...   broke the branch for me
the clackity-clack	of the last roller coaster	a crescent moon
turn on your tv.	watch a reality show	where no one is real.
autumn wind	i take what i want	of the apples	
october evening??	somewhere, a scrub jay	keeps asking	
her new wig	the fir trees	shed their snow
letter from iraq	a birdsong spelled	phonetically	
steel band at twilight??	a single file of ducklings	crosses the bay	
cold sun	the wild currant blossoms'	red fragrance	
slave cemetery	the tug of the current	on willow fronds	
autumn	along the highway	buzzards wait	
obituary	a child's face	smiles from the page	
my floor is quite flat	looks asthough a vast expanc	i hate soft drink stains
more rain	i know i know i squawk back	at a jay	
last leaves red	a butterfly takes flight	close to the earth	
dry stream bed	only the loud pulse	of cicadas	
deer hunters	trample the leaf-fall?	our small dog's grave	
removals	after removal	the same coat racks	
deep autumn	a fish slides down	the cormorant's throat	
here so late at work.	must not abandon kevin.	tired unity!
after the rain	the baby's grave	It reflects the sky	
labor day	an apple bough bent	to the ground	
mid-winter	the stillness of the sardines	in the tin	
his toe	answers mine	a truce begin
leaving all the morning glories closed
grit in the stomach	of the steamed clam?	summer heat	
boy girl party	the slow speed	of the blender
first snow	a walk through fallen leaves	to my childhood	
dream fragment in sun;	the light-embedded day blue,	rolling off the night.
another spring	I revise	my death poem	
landfill	yesterday's headlines	still sinking in
no mistaking it	i must step on the fallen	to follow my dream
first love??	we mark our boundaries	with river rocks	
the collection of a friend:	a Zen monk rakes	the angle of coverage	
Thanksgiving leftovers	a harvest moon	wrapped with clouds	
a heart-shaped pebble	if you hold it just right??	our first days apart	
winter sunset??	an aerial rattles	with magpies	
the fish lazily surface	in the pond nearby	the sun on my teacup	
moonrise?	shreds of a wasp nest	scattered in the snow	
fourth of july	a cottonwood blizzards	on the picnic	
schoolyard -	boxes of hopscotch	white salt	
hung upside down	the butchered deer	further, snowdrops	
frozen blowing white,	and all our plunging lifetimes	twitch in winter cold.
Palm Sunday -	rain wets slowly	boxwood garden	
the wrong road??	precisely placed hoof prints	of a horse	
the mother quail	keeps calling her lost chick	summer twilight	
workday over??	she presses her face	into wet lilac leaves	
one?foot	on?the?mountain	then?the?other	
bronwyn is a freak	hee hee ha ha ha ha ha	freaky bronwyn help
year's end	there's a hearse	in the fast lane	
horses stand in morning frost	one apart stares	at the space between
sunday sermon	children's voices	mix with the choir	
the couple alive	the old photo	dreams of future	
goldfish	in the graveyard pond	spring sunshine	
shooting star??	a night bird	cries out	
no more dirty jokes	the new barber is	a woman	
snowmelt	down the arroyo	her laughter	
the long segments	of the big dipper's handle	summer fields	
dutch canal	a swan paddles past	a no propeller sign	
country graveyard	a worn path between	the dead	
bifocals	the double pleasure	of seeing you again
Against the light -	off a large dog	freely	
summer's end	only dead grass	shows the circus was here	
spring rain	an old stone wall	between pastures	
early morning	last night stardust	is on the lilacs	
chamomile petals	swimming in rainwater	for her blond highlights	
another way out...	a backdoor slammin'	in the wind	
old apple tree -	noise fills saw	the empty space	
morning dew darkness of footprints	off the path	
winter solstice	the barbed wire fence	furry with frost
he kissed me	on the fourth of july	fireworks!	
between the drone	of lawnmowers	a scent of rain	
evening light	towels on the rope	remouillent	
sleeping beaver smells	bad, very bad, it kills humans	dead guys smell bad too
last night's rain	the bird bath full	of sparrows	
(Rain filled morning	i hold my face upward	tears like rain	
refugee camp??	a mother croons a lullaby	to her unborn child	
on vacation??	the sound of the inn	settling	
mountain moonrise	the sound i didn?t know	i had in me	
withered roses	a bald woman waits	for the taxi	
blood-red	in the jaws of the grab	dahlia	
October cold wind	her yellow skirt	rises	
new year's day	we both feel the kick	inside her	
July Fourth fireworks	I stand next to	an Iraqi refugee	
exam table	my feet sway	to an old song	
fireplace glow	first signs of fraying	in the cane-back rocking chair	
shorter days??	kink in the end	of a lizard's tail	
august evening	grandfather whittles	the light away	
rice-green pond	dark herons stand	in an arc	
indian summer	a spent salmon	washes ashore
summer veranda	low night voices slip into	rocking chair rhythms
my kids room	slow movements of a ladybug	covered in dust!	
blue sky	a man climbs the fire escape stairs	to the roof	
fireworks over...	the silence	of the stars	
eerie moonlight	graveyard	of the rusted automobiles	
piano recital	a steady drone	from the coke machine	
sunset	as the train starts	to enter the tunnel	
a crow	repeats its call -	first morning	
we sip sweet tea	in silence...	a soldier's mother	
Another day without him	she misses all the little things	still, the sun shines	
dusk	with nowhere to turn	sunflower	
a flash of red	in the pine tree	
sunset stretched shadows	a strawberry seller holds out	the day's last box	
clear sky	a bouncy castle	inflating	
crow after crow	the morning darkens	with biblical rain	
home for christmas	the tree losing needles	on fake snow	
a little girl blows	bubble gum	cherry trees blossom	
concrete carport	a swallow fledgling peeks	from its mud nest	
the only cafe	surrounded by trucks	harvest moon	
at least the crow	says what he means	april rain
last light	an ant swims	in the hummingbird feeder	
lonely?winter	a?telephone?wire	connects?the'stars	
lost in thought?	the track announcer's voice	drifts over the river	
Christmas leftovers	my mother forgets	why she called	
sunrise	a ray of light hits	my bathroom mirror	
silence after thunder	a damselfly's	still wings	
winter tide	an abalone shell	too deep to reach	
waking	in the fetal position	. . . the river's hum	
jagged hole	in thin lake-ice	the wolf's eyes
iridescence	painting colour in the moist air	clouds weeping prisms	
crescent moon	the gas pump handle	steals my warmth	
gray and cold-	a hothouse bouquet	for his widow	
birdsong	an icicle drops	into my shadow	
hiroshima day a cat pokes and pokes	a cicada shell	
mother and daughter	each in her own thoughts	fireflies	
night traffic	the silent lake	seems much bigger	
looseknit sweater??	the spring wind comes to me	in a thousand ways	
voices	ring	in this old tree
twilight	a tui mimics	a tui
stream of cars	to see the source	dried	
her bedtime??	more stars	on the other side of this tree	
handsome vendor	my name	on a grain of rice
year of the rooster	the wind chimes swivel	soundlessly	
adobe wall??	a row of pots	fill with light	
trial separation	ice distends	the rain gutters	
harvest moon	the things I have left	undone	
Autumn freshness	to feed a child	eighty years	
just now	as my life turns crazy	forsythia	
snowmelt	the'shapes?of?last?year's?leaves	leached into the concrete	
summer stars . . .	the old violin goes	to the highest bidder
in the antique shop	the bottom of the empty cabinet	the rays of the sun	
porcelain toilet	ice-cold beer and a corndog	i don't miss the sand
corn maze	we tell the kids	to get lost
October moon	white pumpkins glow	in the field	
sunset	her gray sweater lifts	to show her navel	
?bill's day???	draw the letters	in aspen-glow	
asleep on the train	the gentle rise and fall	of her breasts	
moonlit night -	a mosquito on the screen	from the computer	
wind chill??	walking backward	toward home	
winter morning	i shovel the drive twice	waiting for the hearse	
divorce hearing	we talk about	the rain	
i?add?chemo	to?the?calendar?.?.?.	new?moon	
minus forty-six	steam from the coffee	warms my nose	
shimmering heat...	the satin bowerbird	tends his blue d?cor	
unmown grass	in the cemetery -	lighting bugs	
wisp of clouds	the slow spiral of debt	in my espresso	
loft apartment:	artist's nude model	waves to window washer
armor clad samurai,	win back honor,	plunge tanto into chest,
Maguelone in April	The young vine	is not bare	
moon-washed garden	wondering what became	of the tailless thrush	
a hawk rising	between canyon walls	layers of heat	
tempers flare	the x-mark on the back	of a stinkbug	
a curlew	holds its second note . . .	shadows lengthening	
pink clouds!	so hot the morning	the circus arrives	
harvest moon	the silver trunks	of dead trees	
Easter	an anxious mother calls	in the wind	
warm rain	smells of tar, dirt,	and snails	
Also on flowers	after the funeral	cove	the darkness	
may rain??	i stretch my body	over the whole bed	
on the morning side	of the river's end	rising star	
feather in the grass . . .	i grieve for a friend	i never met	
heat lightning	a tangled string	the cat left behind	
quiet fall of snow	the park mime's wall	is breached	
rippled sand . . .	each trough cradles	the glint of shells	
late spring blossoms	the silhouette artist facing	another ponytail
Federal Express	reaches me through the fog	plumeria lei	
staring at her neckline	the deep plunge	of the NASDAQ	
light like by day time...	the moon happily nestling	in yesterday's snow
last straw rejection	the telemarketer tells me	I'm too old	
water changing	into ice	the pale moon	
snow day . . .	finding my first grade class	in a drawer	
lengthening shadows	things best said	in a letter	
black clouds part??	a moon so full	i could howl	
pink cosmos??	my divorced friend	learns to salsa	
cold rain	the persistent warmth	of your kiss	
first snow -	footprints	trash bin	
morning half-moon	a mockingbird echoes	the rooster	
gloves of fishermen	hanging on a clothesline?	shadows of gloves	
house for sale	a bluetit tries out	all the nest boxes	
misty morning the young heron's feet	spring green	
autumn evening	my hospital window	becomes a mirror
sultry afternoon	only the mailbox shadow	crosses the dirt road	
ruler of the mac	i think not foolish old man	for i have admin privs
easter egg hunt:	he brings back	horseapples	
summer longing	a dampness in the washing	left out overnight	
scooping steamed rice,	the laborer	at sundown	
starlit night??	coolness settles	in my shoes	
sunset	smoke from a fire	beyond the hill	
After the Solstice	already feeling the touch	of Winter	
home from the funeral	finding the cat	in with his shoes	
a small cave	only children's footprints	on the sandy floor	
bark beetles	in the Ponderosa pine	these gnawing doubts	
marble hallway	the child's scream	longer than her scream
roasted coffee	the smell woke	all the way	
gloomy day	the Christmas lights	shine brighter	
The New Millenium	brought to my window	two new icycles	
winter sunset -	half of my Buddha	still in the light	
pioneer fort	a rare wildflower graces	each molded bowl	
summer solstice	a flock of sandpiper splits	and splits again	
gentle rain	a shimmer of pennies	beneath the koi
turning his wheelchair	to face the window?	falling leaves	
fado love song . . .	dust bunnies swirl	ahead of the broom	
from the secret place . . .	the mother dog	with her litter	
efficiency seminar	a reek of cheap fat	lingers in the hall	
wind in tamaracks	whispering to shadows,	shadows
shattered mirror??	each image of myself	whole	
the wake	of an upstream eel	in dawn's light
bouquet of roses?	she slips into	something else	
one year on . . .	a black-faced sheep	grazes the regrowth	
waking up	not alone	cherry blossoms	
hovering	over summer clouds . . .	mom's lullaby	
midsummer day??	the wrong way	on a one-way street	
falling rain	continuous noise	gray drops	
watch the moon	move behind the oak	Summer Wind	
record cold	the salesman's bible	open on the counter	
a small cup	with a broken handle . . .	baby's tears	
sunset	a balloon moves up	till it disappears	
fourth	cover -	blood mosquito	
wind-blown,   rained on ...   bent barley-grass   you make me   narrow path indeed
withered fields?	the pulsing of	a lone glow worm	
mandarin ducks -	a silent pair on	the dinner table	
empty nest?	a bowerbird dancing with	a blue stick	
old couple view	a distant lighthouse	July moonless night	
neon light	the leaves of the bush	almost black	
having no thought	we've come to see them	dogwoods in bloom
spring clouds	piled all over the mountains??	new puppies sleep	
lunch	with her lovers wife	leftovers
afternoon nap	the hippopotamus opens	its nostrils	
dusk??	coiling the hose	around a glowworm	
so much better	than we could do	the frog's stillness
nicht puil -	fush hove	tae crottles o sterns	
snow and rain mixed	my angry words	and her tears	
machu picchu??	face to face	with a llama	
almost dawn	a heron fluffs the stillness	into itself
Valentine's Day	awakened by a kiss	from the dog	
sudden downpour -	the memory of a butterfly	washed away	
the sun is yellow	the grass is very bright green	and is very clean
cherry tomato	the scent from its leaves lingers	on my fingertips	
rocky shore . . .	the trout on my line	pulls you closer	
Autumn colors	the receptionist's	bright red hair	
nailing roof iron	with my father's hammer	. . . the echoes	
my cold bed	my skin looking hers	first flakes	
bright venus	two hawks settle	deep in the pine	
thunderhead	flies return quickly	to cantaloupe rinds	
away from eyes	the stairwell holds	us in its arms
snowy field	a small creature's tracks	interrupted by wing prints	
green shoots	in the cherry tree's shade	last year's cherries	
after the rain a winter street full of moons	
predawn	a grey dove outside	my window	
pumpkin moon:	tai chi movements time	the eclipse photos	
autumn clouds	a dove keeps calling	?lou's dead, dead, dead?	
ice moon??	the cat grooms away	my touch	
summer rain . . .	scent of lavender	in the mop water	
bings o sawins	alang the watterside	...quait	
out of the city,	so many stars	unnamed	
nighttime is coming	go to sleep weary hobo	nest in a boxcar
supper cooking??	a wind with storm in it	comes through the wheat	
remembrance day??	my insignificant wince	at the misdirected poppy pin	
single mother	rocking her baby	rocking herself	
Hiroshima Day	the reason why	we must keep talking	
war news	I wash the ink	from my fingers	
Frost morning -	White Shade	poplars	
small bird	on a cattail	not singing	
train running late	an ant climbs	the station wall	
making its way	around the sundial	moon shadow	
red plums	her steady hand slips	between the bees	
concentration camp	winter branches touch	the statue's shoulders	
no more war	two fighting beetles	on a tombstone	
summer time is fun	so many things to do	lets go have some fun
releasing	the day's only catch	summer slips away	
willows	in river mist?	year's end	
moonstruck?	the circle of calm	after a seal dives	
new year's eve	the old janitor	wrings out his mop	
onion braids	won?t go any tighter	november evening	
cloudy	the metal-edged whistle	of a dove's flight	
before & after	paying respects	a smoker in the rain	
petrol fumes	smell of fresh bread	from the bakery	
turtle's back	covered with pollen	this new pen	
summer night:	the coin laundry's	fish-less tank	
wild wind	on dry sedge	what more on her mind?	
the difference	a sparrow makes??	bare branches	
morning haze	the voice from the dash	relocating	
rusting nail	the coffinmaker	talks of price	
home game	our wind	in their flag	
i hate the winter	its way too cold and windy	spring and fall are best
dusk on the mountaintop as if i had wings
duckweed -	the wake of the duck	slowly closes	
December rain —	a deer tail	and then nothing	
midnight sun??	we leave our sauna quarrel	in the icy lake	
early frost	they postpone	their wedding	
loner...	for a moment the sun's warmth	as he enters deep woods
late summer	butterfly wings clap	a little slower	
winter beach	i throw a stick	for no dog	
autumn, a sad dove,	flaps her wings to fly away;	i wonder where to?
end of a stalk	the caterpillar climbs	a ladder of air	
yummy yummy cake	chocolate cake is superb	now it is all gone
Saturday night	someone vomits beneath	the blossoms	
Ash Wednesday	the priest	lights a cigarette	
sunday afternoon	a steam train	pushes back the fog	
first cold day	the cat kneads	a patch of sunlight	
End of november -	basting few worries	still blooming	
between two rivers,	the echo of	his mallet	
the turning tide at standstill sandhill cranes
too late to take it back:	the purple spines	of the sea urchin	
spring currents	the first gulls	picking bones	
railway station . . .	a banyan tree's roots	yet to reach the ground	
walking to work -	the blossoms on my street	late this year	
the proper word for brackets escapes me crescent moon	
straw hat -	flowers fading	under the sun	
a steady drizzle-	all day the weight	of things unsaid	
the sun lifts its warmth	sitting here in emptyness	falling in the cloud
mating robins	the broken yellow	of the centerline	
I put out the night garbage	a Wolf	Moon	
mango flavoured tea	in a silver tin - departing guests	linger a while	
barn swallows . . .	pop leaves the door	open a crack	
horse trough	a cowboy chips away	the winter	
empty birdfeeder	the shimmer of falling snow	as a sparrow lands	
his urn finally arrives	a careful breeze in the palms	
full moon at motuhoa	stingrays	cloud the evening tide
stepping stones	a child finds a way	across the stream	
a nursemaid   scarecrow...   frightening the   wind and sun   from playing baby
from the lip of a lily	a grasshopper leaps	into summer	
in	the empty billboard frame	the whole mountain	
mountain track	the marks of it	on his wedding ring	
Last day of September	bay and islands in fog	aroma of coffee	
undressing the summer wind turns color
wasps	among the windfalls	august light	
after the quake	a leaf falls	on the patio	
deepen, drop,   and die   many-hued   chrysanthemums...   one black earth for all
changing the swallowtail	changed by it	the spring wind
the rusted hooks	in dad's tackle box??	spring tide	
first autumn evening	at my daughter's grave	our shadows	
the night's crickets	never silent	never seen	
others simply walk.	you move like silk in warm air.	i you beauty dwells.
the worn away paint	of canted boats . . .	geese winging in	
morning radio news	a snail crawls up the front wheel	of the express bus	
spring	an airborne squirrel	open-pawed	
warm sunday afternoon	mom and daughter ponytails	chatting in the kitchen	
Winter storm -	This last day of the year	expecting nothing more	
foggy day	the rest of this	is at present not available	
summer moon??	her eyelashes touch	the telescope lens	
no fireflies...	moonlight reflects	on camellia leaves	
the rooster's	first five syllables . . .	all he's got	
an iv tube	caught in sunlight	daffodils	
autumn chill	the chalkboard screeches	at her touch	
first morning	firecracker papers	wander the streets
i love cars so much	they can go fast like lambos	and burn rubber too
dwarfed by dinosaur skeletons	a teen	with all the answers	
humid night	the depth of purple	in the shadows	
lilacs at dusk??	"ready or not	here i come"	
spitting seeds	into a blue Sky-	the old elm	
Sky dewed with stars	cool air listening in news	a man was hanged.	
gray day	no way around	the puddles	
long?walk?	the'slum?boys'stare?at	the?distant'stars	
attic dust	finding my mother's	footsteps	
long talk	the sunny side of the street	has switched	
ripe wheat -	my hair is	Autumn leaves	
first day alone	coyote tracks	in the sand	
december dusk	i will never visit	my grandparents' birthplace	
melting snow	i know why	the caged bird sings	
milking hour	a whitish mist moves	toward the moon	
waiting for the train	a huddled mass	of smartphones	
funeral procession	of the friend passes	the crocus field	
quiet evening	the wind has touched	a lilac bush	
high up in the air	upon a carpet of grey clouds...	the plane leaves a trail
old man's stick on the path	chip ... chip...	chip-p...chip-p...chip-p...	
downtown	pointing the way	with her cigarette	
ice melted??	she reads garcia marquez	under a cat	
spring morning??	the hand of a student who	may know the answer	
black-out	in my neighbor's house	a room to room glow	
flowing past	the redwoods	the river
rainy day?	one tile missing	from the blue roof	
identity shouts	through a forest fog of language:	murky mess of thought.
lapping water -	the radio of a fisherman	muted	
chilly tea-time	finding new cyclamen leaves	in an old plant-pot.	
the brand of salt	his dress pants -	man down	
pond at twilight	a least bittern scuttles	through the sedges	
cold and windy	some with, some without	acorn caps	
In the cemetary	around his headstone	first snowdrops	
rain stifles the heat,	two more days 'til classes start.	the cats will miss me.
till October	elbows to the thighs	the son of the virgin	
half-empty cup	i decide ive had enough	of you
rows of corn	the farmer's	bad posture	
morning fog??	he closes all the windows	i just opened	
slant of light	through autumn woods??	whitethroat's minor whistle	
again negotiations fail	the clay path broken	by a mushroom	
moonrise	over marshlands??	the hissing geese	
winter sun?	a cyclist pedals	against the wind	
huge trees in the park?	a different dog	chasing the stick	
death watch	she dies peacefully	in their sleep
serving me all day,	constantly rubbing my hand:	my spiral notebook.
bleached driftwood	the sand on the floor migrates	to the dustpan	
the recession	the sun sets behind	Citibank skyscraper	
evening star	children's intimate whispers	before they reach home	
october sun	my wife pins hydrangeas	to the clothesline	
the desert stars??	i almost believe	his forever?	
many solemn   nights   blond moon, we stand   and marvel...   sleeping our noons away
the rising sun -	in frosted glass	a star cluster	
lunch time	the treecutter finds a tree	for shade	
cumulonimbus	time to harvest	the cauliflower	
tuim gardevine -	i the snawdraps the broozilt	ootline o luvers	
burning leaves	Kerry concedes	the election	
police watch the crowds	at children's carnival	the horse's teeth	
candlelit pumpkin	the moths reflection	in the cat's eyes	
moon in the morning -	freckle squirrel	from branch to branch	
before the curtain	the drama of schoolgirls	in the audience	
he shows me his tattoo?	the tree shadow	on the sidewalk	
waiting in the room	with the plaster skeleton??	early winter	
closing down sale	caught by moonlight	the naked dummy
on the railing	a leaf hopper studies	my pen	
first frost -	only two passengers	speak...	
valentine morning	time to release	the lovebirds	
this bright day . . .	the empty house	of my mother	
extreme cold weather	the stars shine	more brightly	
autumn equinox	i let the last fly	go free	
september grasses	the rumble of a distant	trash cart	
the age	I used to call old...	winter solstice	
sultry night	the smell of jasmine	and old oranges
mountain retreat??	a layer of dust	on all the canned goods	
yellow walnut leaves	slowly appear on the lawn	early morning light	
crescent moon??	the cat grooms	the tip of his tail	
dark of the moon	turning the penny heads up	for someone else	
December cold night	the sole sign of life	is the smell of cars exhausts	
down syndrome child	bent over a tidepool??	the anemone opens	
family secrets	a thicket full	of ripe raspberries
meditation class	he begins by contemplating	the blonde's navel	
her birthday??	i count the rosebuds	left on the bush	
vest pocket park	the leaves a little	less brilliant	
winter forest	the mist	from a whisper	
light breeze?	an ant moves	among woodpecker craters	
summer day	clover bending	with the bee's weight	
northern lights . . .	the scratchy play	of seventy-eights
Dia de los Muertos	her elegant cheek bones	
sudden gust	the young starling	fans its tail	
asleep	on the subway floor	the unknown soldier	
early morning	the rain falls lightly	on water-jar lids	
powdering the dog	a child asks if fleas	go to heaven	
autumn equinox?	fresh tooth marks	in the old birch	
i am just a man,	a simple and humble man,	a man of colors.
alba brumosa	funghi rossi crescono	fra le tombe	
freezing rain	beading	on the blackbird's back
an aroma	of green walnuts	summer dusk	
new summer dress	the roses in her garden	less symmetrical	
end of summer	the shape of his feet	in his sneakers
tide	nudges ...	beaches ...	old shoe	
in a dark bag	onions	sprouting
last day of the year	- Traces of sleds rusty	in the snow yesterday	
this winding river	confluence of what I know	and what I do not	
dry creek bed	the seven stepping stones	to the other side	
The Budapest square	Autumn leaves drift  here and there	on  young protestors	
reflection in the window	his weeping face -	thud of rain	
dawn frost	a screech owl finishes	the hunt	
leaving each shadow	as it was . . .	evening breeze	
at the four way stop	our insistent politeness	annoys each other
my friend's ashes	heavier than I expected	winter wind	
Intifada-	one side ties	the other Nike	
nursing infant??	the odor of wet wool	in the subway	
clothesline	the shirt shows off	its biceps
ancient fir scar??	a banana slug pulls one eye	inward	
sometimes i think . . .	you would answer the phone	if i were to call	
dirty   bath-water   where can i pour   you? ... insects   singing in the grass
sudden hail	the child's marble bag bursts	as he runs indoors	
/ high	the young hooker	s	at everyone	
evening walk	a merry-go-round turning	in the fog	
red sun	the air glitters	with dragonflies	
April overcast	my son turns twenty	in Iraq	
day labourers	gathered at the goodwill??	the dripping awning	
moonless night	a ladybug husk	down the drain	
smell of pesto	a lorikeet scatters	birdseed	
i am spirit and	i am soul. i am wonder.	i am your true self
autumn wind	the leaves too	made of oak	
from behind me	the shadow of the ticket-taker	comes down the aisle
end of a long day	the bartender's feet	take the floorboards home	
thanksgiving storm	scarlet leaves strewn	on the dining room table	
mid April	the grass finally	looks like grass	
plunge of coolness??	the piebald mare and i	slide apart in the creek	
summer grass	my mother's	rice paper skin	
none broke the   silence...   nor visitor   nor host ... nor   white chrysanthemum
gentle days	the tethered dinghy	drifts round	
across the street	a gust of wind glistens	with gingko leaves	
on both sides	of the cemetery fence	wild flowers	
october haze	a frayed american flag	on the new pickup	
monsoon season raindrops dot the dust	
evening snow	the dark turns	lighter
starless night	i crush the emptiness	from a soda can	
sunrise over the lake	the pregnant woman	swims on her back	
morning overcast	she adds more blush	to her cheeks	
morning shift	one star	over the mineshaft	
autumn melancholy	the click of mahjong tiles	from the computer	
Gazing at the moon	it was still summer's evening	feast for mosquitoes	
holidays over . . .	change from someone's pocket	between couch cushions	
abandoned trailer lot	first snow	covers the television set
black cloudbank   broken   scatters in the   night ... now see   moon-lighted mountains!
the snow	follows grace	stone soup	
Balloon floats	Over garbage truck	Party is over	
night rain -	baking smells from the house	with the jasmine	
winter's end	fence wire ripples	in the wake of a coot
cold dusk?	my thoughts pass through	a crow flying by	
so dry??	the chaparral partly woven	into my socks	
echo of an axe??	wood smoke holds	in the hollow	
the full moon	above a field of snow	staying up a while	
rainy day	in the rainforest	drip, drip, drip	
marble moon...	the staccato of high heels	at rush hour	
Nun and monk	watching the blue heron	fishing in the bay	
desert night	a constellation of tents	glows yellow	
the geese still	on the far end of the wind	the silent marsh
nautical chart	i touch the depth	of my mother's ashes
the barn doors open	dry leaves sweep	into the muddy yard	
small tree by big house	days weeks months seasons and years	small house by big tree
muggy night opening another window to let in more insects	
grandad's story	candle light flickers	in the snakeskin's eye	
evening voices	the window curtains	flutter	
our pilot hopes	to see us again real soon	the intercom clicks
new year's day	the center of the chocolate	not what i expected	
first light	the space between	mother and lamb	
morning haze	a beach beauty goes	topless	
morning frost	she leaves	first	
snowflakes	the perfect fit	of our hands	
with lengthening days	the sound of the dog's toenails	on a hardwood floor
mud puddles	leaving behind	a high heel	
junk car	the hum of bees	beneath the hood
cool dusk	our hands busy husking	fresh corn	
thanksgiving mass	a shaky hand offers me	the chalice	
under the hawk	by the Holy Spirit:	a dunghill	
below zero . . .	verbalizing	my self talk	
late winter	the night scented	with noodles	
flash of lightning	the salesman's oily manner	slips	
cubical snug, plays	solitaire, eats like you would	load a pellet gun	
pension plans	the slow drone of a plane	coming in to land	
outgoing tide	jellyfish fade	with the sky	
storm warning	the inflatable snowman	lying low . . .	
a few yellow leaves	the construction site grows	towards my favorite tree	
early morning	a yogi pisses	in a drinking glass	
longer days	a nameless bug	on my bicycle	
nude beach	a man and a woman	collecting feathers	
and after such a year	the first crocus	in its usual place	
retirement home:	laundry sign  "no dying	in these tubs."
windless day	the prolific weeds	at the grave site	
dusk	that song	still makes me cry	
ivy league quad	a squirrel gathering nuts	looks me over	
squirrels chasing	each other . . .	i am still alive	
Walking	quiet thunder	spring rain	
the leaves have fallen,	the wind just sweeps them away,	therefore kids can play.
war -	fathers	burying sons	
prairie grass	a mustang runs	with the wind	
clouded moon	i let the machine	pick up his call	
Birthday morning -	my footprints on the beach	slightly deeper	
That spring day	the flowers-have long faded	yet we remember	
november sunset??	now you can chat with	all the stars	
girdled maple	autumn already	in its leaves	
misty summer rain	calling pheasant	in Zen temple	
driving home -	the rainbow	arrives there before me	
balmy night?	pushing the crocheted throw	back to her side	
the woman	i say i don?t love	key lime pie	
heirloom roses	she crunches eggshell	into the black loam	
blue sky	I order my eggs	sunny side up	
the moose grunts.again.	the nylon tent walls	seem thinner	
winter morning	the lame goose lagging a little	behind its gaggle	
cloudless sky	the gleam of fresh lemons	in a blue bowl	
haiga workshop	in the downstroke of the brush	the sound of rain
Labor Day	a migrant worker sells	American flags	
halo of the lamp -	blackest blackbird	his shadow	
slicing papaya??	the swing	of her black pearls	
cloister garden	a bumblebee enters	the flower's cup	
brown earth	a hawk's reflection glides	across the puddle	
fading light	my snow shovel's scrape	answers another	
bright winter day	tattoo'd man takes a child's hand	across the street	
the heat...	a silent fountain	drenched in moonlight	
switching off the light	switching off the shadows
yellow autumn   moon...   unimpressed   the scarecrow stands   simply looking bored
floating	round the jetty's end -	marigolds and a condom	
sunless days	the world locked in	a pine cone	
dry heat	to the same withered flower	a bee returns
firefly night??	muffled giggles	from the small boys? tent	
snowy night	drinking tea	from my hometown	
ferocious storms	wakened by the wet	tongue of a dog	
dead wood	the ministry	of wind	
water sounds . . .	my memory wanders the coast	of a summer lake	
all souls day...	my name called	from the front gate
cool morning	a caterpillar asleep	under buddha's ear
evening voices	the moon	so huge	
the Danube flows	in the direction of the blade	a white boat	
snow outside	a small bowl	of imported oranges	
young green poplars . . .	recalling	that kind of intensity	
this heat	only the shadows	move	
sun-baked grasslands	the color in the wings	of blackbirds	
harvest moon	the sound of women	pounding rice	
late night . . .	sounds this house makes	only in the winter	
night of meteorites	enjoying the sound of rain	instead	
great blue heron . . .	but the stillness	after love	
low clouds	a gull circles above	the police car light	
snow flurries	the square dancers	do-si-do
bilingual children	honey bees move	into the bird house	
stormy weather -	under the boots noise	pavers	
cool morning	a fog of insecticide	in the red truck's wake	
starry night	the space in me	she fills	
the child's nose	melts a hole in a frost fern??	windblown dark	
bright stars	campfire coffee	full of grounds	
sunlit helmet	the young soldier's eyes	invisible	
all that stirs	in the river's womb	spring rain	
porch sitting?	the scallop of snowy hills	in his gesture	
summer morning?	the kitten ignores itself	in the full-length mirror	
a new day	the priest's robes	fill with snow	
between the mist	and the edge of the forest	a white buffalo	
pretty   butterflies...   be careful of   pine-needle points   in this gusty wind!
sweater weather	the tip of a cane	in the crosswalk	
cold April rain	I no longer remember	your name	
summer	the sound of rain	on canvas	
in her sun hat	gardening, she hums	our song	
cremated	in her favorite kimono	small green plums
50th year	scent of honeysuckle	after the rain	
birch seeds tumble	from the laundry bin??	end of the day	
three sneezes	all that's left	of the snowman	
autumn leaves	the creak	in my left knee	
between memories	and the parents' grave	the curtain of rain	
the cold cry	of a magpie?	first light of day	
Summer park	every one is busy	viewing their phone screens	
new year's eve	looking for my sign	among the stars	
another soldier . . .	the sound of wind	through a hole in the fence	
water could be deep,	the water may be vicious,	yet it stops the heat,
snowy banks	the drifting duck leans	into a curve	
Indian summer	takes the wheel	counter clockwise	
approaching summer	the paths of the cattle	through the dew	
attractive	even in red	an oak leaf	
recession??	poke salad growing	in a sidewalk crack	
caffeine buzz	snow in the forecast	somewhere else	
a week after the funeral	the hotel's request	for feedback	
spring rain	the depth	of a	tulip	
sweltering day??	little grasshoppers jump	ahead of the scythe	
chill evening	all the nuts	are almonds	
clicking off the late movie . . .	the couch cushion	reinflates
an osprey's nest	even here	the use of plastic	
fish restaurant	after the priest's blessing	cold snapper
feel the warmth of	basho's frogpond	just xeroxed
fireside -	a son's face smiles down	from the mantelpiece	
waiting for you	at the sidewalk cafe	half moon	
autumn deepens	an empty snail shell	explored by an ant
crescent moon	she paints only the tips	of her finger nails	
butterfly on the windshield	another journey	incomplete	
hibiscus	under the eaves	frost burned petals	
autumn mist	the honey locust	holding light	
invasive species	my barber points out	my first white hairs	
smell of matches	we recall the movies	that made us scared	
parting clouds?	a crack in the ice	follows the riverbend	
daffodil shoots . . .	underneath a bandage	the cut begins to itch	
inside pitch??	learning to pronounce	new names	
scattered leaves	a chaplain flips the pages	of his prayer book	
waiting up	for their teenaged daughter...	distant fireworks	
what if	the flavor of burnt toast	is in the fallen seed	my desire for bitternut	despite its name*	
autumn leaves...	learning	i'm dispensable
indian summer	the ceiling fan creaks	on startup	
evening shadows?	picking blackberries	through barbed wire	
mother's scarf	slides from my shoulder . . .	wild violets	
first men on the moon	the first time i tasted	rattlesnake	
drumming	heartbeat	in the mist	
climbing the stairs	more slowly	autumn evening
heavy going	through the waterlogged field	clay-pigeon shards	
rainy night	a light in	the bookstore window	
walking in the woods	a chestnut drops on my head:	autumnal greeting
spring peepers	raindrops stipple the creek	in chorus	
a neighbor's dog howls	with the sirens??	night heat	
first snow??	against my will	the beauty	
darkening trees -	a flight of parakeets	brightly lit	
wind swirls	in the nursing home courtyard	a few dry leaves	
autumn seabreeze...	a film of salt forms	on his glasses	
Veteran's Day	the old dog's	gray muzzle	
worlds apart??	two river-worn pebbles	in my palm	
frozen dawn	the runner recovering	in his own steam	
Monday in October	in and out of the subway	without seeing the day	
Kentucky Derby	the kids in bars are too busy	for a horse race	
Easter Sunday -	an onion	stuck with a clove	
what's left of my faith:	light from one star	in a blue-black sky	
the old moon	everyone else	i?ve outlived	
the smile	in his voice	starshine	
evening calm	a cricket appears	on my windowsill	
climbing out	of the ocean's roar	cliffside daisy	
spring equinox	opening our fortune cookies	
october sun	a couple hold their embrace	in the sculpture garden	
in a crate	'Carrots France'	books at a euro	
looking for fireflies...	I almost miss	the dramatic night sky	
with my dad	speak to learn to grow old	- The smell of clematis	
the gloom within	a handcrafts store . . .	dolls with missing faces
outside the wake	cigarettes	dot the dark	
dusk	a leaf's long fall	through cicada cries	
vacation's end?	a dead cockroach	in the bathtub	
Hovering grey sky	a small crack in the thick clouds	fishing boats come in	
blackout	the sound	of candles	
harvest moon	grass gone to seed	on the tennis court	
new year's eve??	rubbing velvet	the wrong way	
A hole in the wall	Chickadees are moving	at the redstart	
war memorial	snow has almost covered	the poppy wreaths	
locking it -	moonlight at the back	of the mailbox	
behind shadow proof blinds	the calligrapher's	word processor
clear cold night	my dog barks	at his own echo	
autumn light	the deer's shadow	touches my toes	
three feet distance	needed for reading my ku	without glasses	
new year's day	three fancy toothpicks	for the avocado pit	
labor day-	i dust of	my resume	
no moon??	on my knees i promise her	a glowworm	
overmatched boxer	his eyes closed	before the fight
big sky	the sharp edge	of the spur	
orange morning moon	hangs above neighbours roof top	i fall back to sleep.
baby photos	from my birth mother . . .	how do i say hello to me	
where the carpet	is wearing thin	autumn sunlight	
autumn's end	the air smells	different	
after the storm	unknown tree leaves	in the garden	
the house empty	the furniture only	to wait	
science fair	my amaryllis bigger	than his	
dead mynah bird...	with each passing car	its wing flaps
dead hamster??	my son invents	a religion	
weeping cherry	my husband is somewhere	in snow country	
long train journey...	a?baby?boy?talks?to?his?brother	in his own language	
cut grass	i sweep away	summer's end	
moonless night	an empty can	of whipped cream	
yellow daisy	rocked by the wind	stormy sky	
preparing for war	a chimpunk chatters	from a low-hanging branch	
a butterfly	so long at my window	summer dusk	
reflecting pool . . .	she tosses coins in	without looking	
late-summer party	her few dance steps	after the song ends	
blackout	children cast animal shadows	by candlelight	
mountain path?	growing out of a stone wall	one white flower	
realization:	time's accidental moments,	my limitations.
stuck	in the eddy	autumn sky	
barber shop...	only one fish left	in the aquarium	
Christmas dinner	grandma's fruit cake attracts	only blue jays	
summer stars	my husband starts snoring	again	
minute's silence:	through the loudspeakers	children's voices	
morning twilight	a breeze lifts the palest	of the ivy leaves	
year-end bank statement	reusing the tea bag	for a second cup	
first snow??	still knitting	the second mitten	
lakeside	the fog makes the loon's call	much more haunting	
midday moon??	a deaf child caresses	the grand piano	
moonlight	crossing the tide flats	in someone's footprints	
foggy morning?	a buck looking in	my basement window	
on a field	of ripe tomatoes	the empty wooden crates	
alone on a pier	he plays the trombone	Winter sunset	
blue sky	no liquidity	at the banks	
late night	fireflies rise up	in the cemetery	
autumn sun?	the white and whiter shades	of a fountain	
July morning	the smell of coffee	from an abandoned building	
mirror	her mother's lips	pursing like hers	
half moon	on the river the sound	of cracking ice	
chinook's in	melting snowman	loses face	
the sound of breaking waves	on a moonless night	distant friend
leaving us in autumn . . .	leaving behind him	the blossoms to come	
afternoon bath	the mockingbird echoes	a thrush	
ashen moon	He asked him	the divorce	
old cemetery	the gate swings	both ways	
turning heads	the blackbird's	one white feather	
freezing rain	a vendor takes the lid off	his makeshift oven	
night fills in slowly	between the dark branches	autumn equinox	
after the stroke. . .	watching only the half of your face	that smiles
afternoon tea	the old climbing rose	somehow whiter	
a stray cat	excreting	in the winter garden.
after all	the cell phone calls	the pine	
taking a left	when i should have gone right	spring drizzle	
a whiff of kelp	as i clear out the trunk??	summer moon	
beach festival	a child pats the damp	in her castle wall	
angry i strode   home...   but stooping in   my garden   calm old willow-tree
a quiet afternoon??	the pinwheel twirls	only halfway	
van gogh's blue irises	hangs on a wall, with	other gardens	
hare moon	a cooper's hawk	decides to stay	
sacred ground	red geraniums	where they fell
summer wind	we ask a younger couple	where we are	
the empty bench	spilled coffee	turned to ice	
false spring??	the wavering reflection	of a broken branch	
first day of spring	mosquito larvae wriggling	in a dinosaur track
homebound ferry	thoughts zigzagging	with the terns	
funeral	her long hair follows	the wind	
lunch hour	a long line of women	at the ice cream cart	
parting year . . .	someone has died in the house	with the shoveled walk	
rosebuds in snow -	the softness of his hand	on my shoulder	
new year's resolution	the fresh snow	already melting	
wet summer night	one neighbor's cigarette	joins another	
hermit thrush	the last of a sun patch	slips off a birch	
cathedral tour	the locals	keep praying	
early dusk	an inch of snow	on a half inch branch	
after-lunch siesta	nothing to break the silence	but the refried beans
in the back alley	school-kids puffing away	in the shadow of a chimney	
naturiste.je beach out of the water before it	decreased by cold	
Cancer clinic visit	a bald woman passes by	with a smile	
child's wake	the weight	of rain
morning quiet	a thin skin holding	the yolk intact	
cul-de-sac	the knife-grinder rings in	summer's end	
exploding	in our happy faces	giant snowflakes	
night shift	he tree frogs sing a road	through the forest	
dusty knickknacks	mother's whole life	on one shelf	
rabbits at dusk	as if foxes did not also	love twilight	
on the sergeant's grave	a wild jackrabbit	nibbling grass	
after the rain	a puddle filled	with stars	
winter light	chickens scratch at	their pale shadows
vacation home -	apple leaves	off the grass	
peach season	friends come to visit	our tree	
log fire	the landlord's	reindeer nose	
autumn morning??	passengers in the train	behind their newspapers	
a dark horse	with a blue harness .	winter solstice	
solstice	the darkness	of the wind	
women's day?	i teach the nanny	to sign her name	
a long bus ride	the prophetic language	of the stops
skylark	rising	and falling	into its own libretto	
the rain	in the yellow landscape	September	
scramble of jets	a chipmunk	runs for cover	
eagle sighting	the passing trucker and i	share a thumbs-up	
rucksack	in tall grass	the scent of honeysuckle	
almost a moon	the weight of the glass	as it empties	
how tenuous time now seems	slipping away	from my reach	
gulls cry	in a gun-metal sky??	the still water	
among her things	my birthday newspaper	deepening snow
cinco de mayo	horses roll	in the shallows	
awake at night	a stone in the pond	moonlight splashes	
the shell's story inside the inside
fireworks display	missing	his oohs and ahhs	
hot summer-	an ant hid	under a leaf
the elegant crane	it seems to drift like a dream	seems lighter than air
peach seeds	an inch thick	the heat	
autumn evening...	a page of the old book	separates from the spine
ferry dock	sunlight bounces	from wave to wave	
that sonofabitch	on the corner has a knife	the rain glistens on it
first autumn rain?	dust on the umbrella plant	interrupted	
leaf fall	the undoing	done
autumn vacation?	clouds in the blue sky	unmapped and nameless	
damselflies	dart across the water	a bluer blue	
lunar eclipse-	his eyes on her frayed	jeans front	
one day we will die	what then is the need to kill	still we go to war
back to school -	the sun lights	the orange juice	
simmering rice grains	in the pot??	patter of rain	
rainstorm	guests huddle with candles	waiting for dinner	
garden swing?	cat and butterfly	in mid-air	
autumn picnic	down the leaf-strewn table	daddy longlegs	
circle of leaves	the dog finally catches	his tail
wild roses	the iron trellis	tilts to one side	
she speaks of her pain all of the windows up
spring??	the pause before	she pulls a sapling	
winter sunrise	the crack	in the barn door	
beyond the yellow gate	marigolds	marigolds???????????? marigolds	marigolds	
hilltop??	my kite tugs and tugs	at childhood memories	
now and then the wind	through the ponderosa pines	billows of pollen	
low sky	we saw branches	somewhere	
a wren's small talk	after the clamour of corellas	
out the window	mother their target machine	- Dream machine	
lotus leaves in the pond	ride on water.	rain in june.
the same moon	shines on us both	these cold sheets	
rain on the river–	when does white become	its darkest colour	
so suddenly winter	baby teeth at the bottom	of the button jar	
year's end	clouds carrying off	scraps of moonlight	
fish market:	the smell of old sails	on his coat	
snow melting??	the field overflows	with robins	
Morning sunshine bright	chases all worry from cancer	operation success	
on every step	dead cicadas??	a day's list of things to do	
taking the book	open on the table	- Some sand	
road closed	moose tracks continue on	local traffic only	
first warm evening	grandpa mimics	a swan	
stone fountain	rust stains	in the empty bowl	
Seven miles per gallon	Bush thanks you for	supporting the Iraq war	
in the Cathedral	kneeling	the photographer	
morning sun?	a man still sleeping	on the pavement	
Madison Square Park	nice Spring day	no stock brokers	
day moon	the woman with silver hair	steps back into the shade	
3 am	a scycle moon	thoughts of him	crowd my brain	and takes my sleep	
call him back!   ah no,   he's blown from sight   already...   fish-peddler in the snow
late afternoon sun	pigeons land	on all the heroes	
all saints?	day??	under the sheets	a ghost hides her stash	
shortest day	three geezers paint	the pub's front green	
dark clouds	a student drawing	with charcoal	
restless night	the morning starts	without me	
sundown	the slap	of a beaver's tail	
the cries of lapwings	in the darkness	halo of the moon
cusp of winter??	passing into	the mountain's shadow	
flute song	the faint scent	of the easter lily	
leaving the park	glimpses of cherry petals	on the soles of shoes
mountain pass??	each valley a different shade	of spring	
garden path -	silver turn	a slug	
snowy morning	the barber appears	in his mirrors
december sunset	the red inside	the mare's thin coat	
first dream	a small bird calls	my secret name	
falling leaf -	fills the fading light	slow my room	
early spring . . .	specks from the sky	settle near the river	
death of a friend	more leaves	turning brown	
moving	with the clock tower's shadow	the flower lady
boy	scooting in boater and braces	ignores	tourist eyes	
morning fog	joining our gardens	the scent of lavender
failing light	the ash tree	heavy with  birds	
ouch! pinch from below.	toothy black furry creature	thinks not of my size.
horned owl	near the window	a curtain inhales	
a vause	o wullflooers	lichtenin the kirk	
ocean sunrise??	we flip shells	with our toes	
upstairs, swathed	in neon, the	scent of jasmine	
old mission?	desert wind swinging	clapperless bells	
first birthday	she reaches	for the flame	
collected fog	the raveled fringe	of her scarf	
autumn sunset??	grandma's fingers stained	with beet juice	
mother's day alone??	a neighbor's first iris	pokes through the fence	
old palm reader...	my life line	her longest yet
the last light	in the hollers	of children	
faint stars . . .	the cabby speaks	of home	
the blank page	learning nothing	from the pine	
some new grass	at the location of the strain -	my palms heal	
your perfume	looking up startled	at a stranger
pear slice falling	to the kitchen floor	pale moonlight
the crab points skyward	with its remaining claw?	crane's shadow	
the old log	moss grows around	an obscene word	
a gusting breeze	the comet wobbles	in my binoculars
clouds	chasing clouds	the scent of lemon	
gray skies??	a kestrel	cries its kill	
in shape	the hospital plants	- in plastic	
backyard cricket	dad and i pick up	the kitchen window	
in a nut shell	there is never	enough room	
the wasp	trapped between panes of glass	first spring light	
third day of rain	the sofa out of place	an inch	
sudden hail	she tells me to be careful	what I wish for	
the downpour ends	first one peep	then another	
muggy night	our room fan ruffles	the front page	
the warmth of may??	a pregnant woman	smiles to herself	
freezing rain . . .	the one who took	the placebo	
Orange sunrise peaks through	The tubes and wires of father's	Life support machine	
en haut des cuisses	dans l'espace sous le slip	un morceau de mer	
gusty north wind -	a tuft of red hair	in the wire	
weeding the borders . . .	i strain to remember	my new neighbour's name	
jagged mountains	a harrier hawk	hangs in the air	
distant peak	a tumbleweed overtakes	the shadow of a cloud	
purple lightning	irises	in bloom	
i turn the radio lower	& lower	the summer stars	
the angle	of the fruit picker's ladder	autumn light	
day moon?	water runs slowly	over a floe	
side by side	in the hammock	two unread books
midnight	I read haiku	about sleep	
Independence Day	an illegal immigrant	serves me a meal	
one vanilla scoop	moon rising over the	brooklyn bridge	
handmade paper?	ink bleeding into	a late summer moon	
dragonfly . . .	the tai chi master	shifts his stance	
on the hammock . . .	floating back to its branch	a butterfly	
moonless night??	from the harvested field	the hoot of an owl	
Repair	Reduced from Versailles	Nail in the sole	
ootby the maisic chaumer	twa youthie maws	...ettlin tae git in tuin	
snow-covered hills??	my sister and i coast	into the new year	
no wind today	the cottonwoods speak	in chickadee	
dusk	up to my ears	in birdsong
returning from night shift	my neighbour	and his cat	
parents coaxing	baby to eat	mouths wide open
skin against my palm	you trace translucent road maps	read, cartographer	
snowstorm in the field-	from the fear, over the long night,	my hair become white
midwinter dusk -	oak branches fracture	the western sky	
carillon bells	the stone buddha's eyes	remain closed	
winter garden	my father's swing seat	still creaking
forest'stream?.?.?.	looking?for'skipping'stones	once?more?in?my?life	
hawk's hover -	the view of calm seas	through a gunport	
winter hour -	foliage prunus	changes color	
the wick's sizzle	before the flame steadies?	first birthday alone	
echoes of sunset	your upturned face a canvas?	splashed watercolor	
early morning walk	reaching through the mist	for wild berries	
hawthorn breeze	the white bob	of a rabbit's tail	
shape?of?her'sleep	on?the?down?pillow	snowy?morning	
yellow evening   sun ...   long shadow   of the scarecrow   reaches to the road
icicles	a thread of light	from the street lamp	
manzanar?	a butterfly's wing	beneath the millstone	
gale force wind	dandelion seeds	in ocean depth	
Memorial Day	a shadow for each	white cross	
winter solstice	the widow tightens	her braids	
whistling kettle??	summer postcards	still unanswered	
yellow lilies	lighten the day???the last walk	for my dog and me	
afternoon fog	the dampened cries	of wild geese
dry spell	the dust of sparrows	blown by the wind	
broken clouds??	he rearranges	the squirrel shield	
hazy, tired head	remnants of the night before	summer-autumn air
waiting for winter	eating rice balls	under a full moon	
inuksuk	first??????one	then??????????many	
ebb tide . . .	a little sea	in the shell
mother's bruises	turning purple	holy saturday	
autumn chill	her long fingernails drum	with the rain	
they all hush	when she walks past	sparrows in the hedge
old letter	a circle Silver	inside the envelope	
thinning bones??	craters darken	the harvest moon	
class reunion	everybody loved	my wife	
blinding	sunshine??	a stranger with the smile	of an old friend	
wandering	from birdsong to birdsong	city morning	
main street-	ribbons that used to be	yellow	
just for a moment	the smell of pine trees	way to work	
and so i agree	not to die before she does	the sound of crickets
rushing home	as though you were still there	autumn dusk	
scent of new leaves	a caterpillar swings	in a shaft of light	
rock and roll metal...	in the night a can	rolled by the wind	
trays of canap's	at the picnic?	crows	
height of autumn	a blackbird almost	to two octaves	
live in simple   faith ...   just as this   trusting cherry   flowers, fades, and falls
behind the locked gate	more snow buries	thin gravestones	
alley cactus -	two engraved names	among thorns	
equinox??	splitting the last tomato	with a jackknife	
almost a month	without a haiku?	scents of spring	
clover field in bloom	a dent	where the dog was	
spring chill	i search for the phone number	of a missing friend	
summer heat	kimono hung on the wall	billows from the fan	
memories	the soot	on the roof tiles	
a pelican turns	dives and surfaces	crescent moon	
storm front??	the wind gauge pointing	directly at me	
harvest feast	the warmth	between my parents	
summer ice	the shopkeeper	bangs his scoop	
this winter night	slowly unfolding	first star	
clouds building . . .	paper snowflakes	in the window	
it could be nothing	it could be something	winter darkness
june moon	a hallmark card that says	just what i mean	
winter rain	holding the umbrella	over the dachshundpissing
farmer's market	checking out the guy	checking me out	
winter drizzle	unloading a crate of live ducks	behind the chinatown restaurant
around where the	steppingstone ends off	autumn gone	
bikers laying wreaths	on soldiers' graves	first snow	
coastal caf	she suckles in the shade of mum's	cowboy hat
too hot to shop	wasps drinking from	a town fountain	
at the memorial	a hawk's cry	scatters her ashes	
tuesday sunrise	spilling grains of sugar	in my black tea	
,your flesh a fever	limning me??in this way	i??lay hold upon??i	
tra i lampi	it suono della cavalletta	ancora un poco	
curly morning clouds	half round	the moon and me	
pheasant regal on drifts	strutting he oversees all	sometimes he breaks through
not yet winter?	the ptarmigan	already white	
wading	out into the creek	water lilies	
where trees bloom	with egrets at dusk	the quiet sky	
new buds	the snake's tongue	tasting air	
mockingbird . . .	not a hint	of this record high	
the gravel layer	of a caved-in bank	november light	
harvest?moon	together?we'sway	through?the?barley	
ink stains	on the calligrapher's socks	cherry blossoms	
sheltering also	this sandfly	on my hand	
Ashes, what was once a man,	and the full moon.	Bright, big, yellow.	
morning rain	secondhand smoke	in an apology	
long morning shadows??	half shells flipped over	by the tide	
winter sunshine	a cockroach also comes out	of the hole	
spray painted log	I try not to sit	on the word f***	
recycling	old stories get a new twist	at the rumor mill	
waitangi -	the parson bird	sings a different song	
broken clouds	for a moment he remembers	the way home	
the noise of a garbage truck	wakes me up	December harvest moon	
library return	her hand's warmth	lingers in the book	
the sparkle	in our conversation	sunshine on her knees	
fall's blaze of folly	deposits rich red blood cells	on winter's bare bones	
wind waves	through the tall wheat	missing her	
the still cumulus	a hum of voices	before the workshop	
he's a stop and go	christopher columbus in	your ford explorer	
whistle stop...	on and off the train	a butterfly
milky way	a stream of termites	from the woodpile	
just alive	enough for flickers	the old cottonwood	
record heat?	a song thrush beats	against the tomato cage	
a damp evening	each of us with	our own cloud of gnats	
blazing sun	the shape of her legs	through a thin summer dress	
rain fills the dam	overflowing the night	with bull frogs' chorus
fiddlers? festival	the bull frogs?	uneven harmony	
the rain over	even with eyes shut	I know it's spring	
old cat	catching birds	with her eyes
barn loft	my children scatter wheat grains	grandfather heaped up	
matsuyama bay	ancestors come and go	with the tide
warped by fire	the wheelie bin carcase	still smoulders
lingering heat??	out of a small shop	the smell of the past	
long drive	scent of fresh tea breaks	the mist	
chappaquiddick	a water strider	crosses the pond	
high above	the end of this long day	sliver of moon	
cormorants	on the dock wings open	to greet the ferry
winter stars??	the cat's caterwaul	between junked cars	
sunlit meadow??	fritillaries	just frittering	
the falling snow	turning the snowman	back into snow	
emptied fountain	carried by the autumn wind	silt scent	
Tonights light rainfall	Wraps me in soft silence	On my short walk home	
Spring cleaning today	dead ladybug on the window	memory of lost love	
a place under	the willow tree??	autumn rain	
golden sun	a gong resonates	through bamboo	
thicker dust	on a little Buddha -	early autumn	
blankets of white snow	become waves of bold heat	as seasons grow old
midday heat??	the glassblower's bubble	impossibly thin	
supermoon?	my son changes into	pajamas with a cape	
darting   dragon-fly ...   pull off its shiny   wings and look...   bright red pepper-pod
family reunion	rain bubbles burst	in a puddle	
autumn winds	campaign signs	shifting positions	
breath rising	the church steeple bathed	in moonlight	
persimmon sky	two blackbirds puff up	their silhouettes	
the surrounding city...	slate headstones tilted	every which way
gold glitter	the gaps between tiles -	Christmas Eve	
daffodil hill	a peacock's cry as we	dust our clothes	
pear scent	from the sake cup	winter moon	
alcatraz manacles of kelp
morning stillness	pianoblack reflecting	parrotgreen	
traffic argument	the camel's sneer	is impartial	
family reunion??	wild turkeys	among the headstones	
damp straw...	the day-old colt mesmerized	by the radio	
paint peels off	the old white house-	March thaw	
summer afternoon??	lifting up my bottom a little	then going back to sleep	
late winter-	chive seeds	in the palm of my hand	
swamp irises...	a butterfly returns	to the same stone	
work done	my shadow reaches	the sunlit laurels	
a monkey Listens	a son own breath...	autumn rain	
a autumn wind	more white	than the rocks in the rocky mountain.
equinox	all the colors of autumn	in the sky	
a hummingbird	follows the falling leaf	my friend's untimely death	
cloudy day	the fallen purple petals	of the azalea	
this halloween,	children born since	9/11	
items from our work	are the subject of many	poems on this here site.
stargazing	my fingers	grasping sand	
Wood entrance -	debris earthenware toilet	under the wild roses in bloom	
Clear Spring night	again i am thinking of you	waiting for stars to fall	
fading bougainvillea	in the night sky...	mars!	
spring snowflakes	melting as fast as they fall	these daydreams	
footprints in the snow . . .	eight candles flickering	on grandma's menorah	
the sound of rain	drown the echo of my footsteps	autumn morning	
lost chapel -	Dried flowers path	at the foot of the Virgin	
loblolly pine	the scent	of grandfather's diary	
city morning	a crane lifts its shadow	up the wall	
dentist's window	birds picking out	the sunflower seeds	
the line of poplars	blackens a mackerel sky...	February blues	
naked	on the bathroom scales	stomach held in
gray moor,   unmarred   by any path ...   a single branch ...   a bird ... november
mountain path leads there	but somehow i got stuck here	along the wrong path
persons and place	to view the moon	sake not quite full	
winter solstice	the fog lifts from a tree	filled with ravens	
before dusk	that thin strip of light	under the clouds	
summer school papier-m?ch? pigs	sunning on the deck	
Autumn mist obscures	the island in the distance	she cleans her glasses	
ideas may run out	then i will have naught to write	string together words
class reunion	everyone else's	ring fingers	
taking his leave	in a winter dream	my oldest friend	
what a peony...   demanding to be   measured   by my little fan!
night rain	a bus rumbles through	the croaking of frogs	
blossom?wind	a?black'swan?flaps	its?clipped?wings	
nodding to	the rhythm of the breeze	wild?lantanas	
petal-strewn earth	a mynah hops into	a patch of sunlight	
summer ends	the wallah takes down	the raincoat array	
twentyfourseven	an empty laundromat	at dawn	
heat lightning?	the first drop of sweat	on her chin	
traveling the creek	that bears her name	my mother's ashes
Buddhist monks chat	On the 49th day of the disaster	Looking for lost souls	
flea market . . .	a monkey's paw	under glass	
Indian Summer	his voice in the fall	of the leaves	
Shivering	in the cold spring air.	Plum blossoms!	
summer butterfly	a girl wearing a white dress	in the morning breeze	
late autumn?	driving toward the sunset	all the way home	
open casket?	the absence	of his cologne	
trimming the tree	his brother's ornament	nearest the angel	
reddening plums . . .	the shy daughter's	first date	
the cricket season	boundaries marked  -  razor-wire	round the clubhouse roof
spring morning	the art of walking beside	someone much older	
unknown soldier	a fallen comrade carried	by two ants	
Headend -	Sikh taxi?	white turban	
the animals sit	making the only loud noise	is raging thunder
winter afternoon	millions of points	at pinball	
almost dry again	the drinking gourd . . .	
crisp morning?	the yellow cactus	blooms anyway	
the sweet peas	begin their climb	solstice	
Spring rain-	I sit looking	out the window	
from haiku scribblings	to a prayer	on a giant wave	
breastfeeding	the slow drip of rain	on the nursery roof
riding down the escalator	the scent of snow	on damp coats	
leaning into	an achilles stretch	autumn deepens	
spring snow . . .	the sound of the bottom	of someone's bowl	
you stupid   scarecrow!   under your very   stick-feet   birds are stealing beans!
in the hour of foxes	shadows slip and slink around	edges of perception	
i called to the wind,	"who's there?... whoever it was	still knocks at my gate.
First Day of Autumn	a soccer referee pulls out	his yellow card	
crackling beach fire??	we hum in place of words	we can?t recall	
a touch	of bluegrass...	spring	
flickering candles	a wren chirps	between hymns	
fragile morning	a blue psilocybin in the middle	of the garden	
a grasshopper on	my hand, pretending	to be a leaf.
blue night	violets	invisible	
quince blossoms	he stops	the chemo
her auburn hair	still catches my eye??	autumn wind	
spring evening	the mouse comes up	through the floorboards	
sleepless night -	full moon has arrived	to --other window	
novocain prick	the warmth where	the dental nurse leans	
the moon	has found it for me	a mountain path
broken umbrellas	young women's hats-flattened	cormorant weather	
spring mist	the tree I take shelter under	planted in remembrance	
morning fog	a man disappears behind	the Times front page	
listening	to an incense stick	autumn draws deeper	
tea-water,   tired   waiting while we   watched the snow...   froze itself a hat
moonlight	on my hands	the smell of parsnips	
spinning, twirling leaves.	moving around the tall trees.	fall leaves, winter comes.
autumn mist??	wrapped	in grandma's shawl	
dispersing clouds . . .	bails of hay scattered	in the fenced field	
cherry tomatoes	cradled in my hands	august heat	
spring haze??	a whiff of spruce	from the avalanche debris	
thunder snow	the wind-shifting scent	of fox	
From the tidal pool	Two crabs in an embrace	Today's lunch	
in the grape day park	hobos, under every tree	one strums a guitar
late shift	again the waitress	talks of her children	
sculpture garden	roots of the strangler fig	create their own forms	
checking for water	the woman finds a full moon	trapped in the cistern
first juice	a lone wasp explores	the apple press	
midnight breeze	through magnolia branches??	a sigh escaping	
peering into	the deep well, two boys	talk about girls	
lunch	with her lover's wife	leftovers
bedtime story	my grandfather's fingers	touching the braille	
creaking gate??	the crows evenly spaced	between the headstones	
the old garden fence	now keeps the goldenrod	from the goldenrod
martin luther king day	i readjust	my rear-view mirror
sun is shinning bright,	morning due on the tall grass	for it is still morn.
the game in the blood	seeking the right number	in its analysis	
different carols	two drifters singing	for spare change	
i'm caught in it too	the blossom-loosening wind
thanksgiving	fifteen minutes	of mince pie
the door covered	by shade of mulberry tree-	do i open it?
Mosquitoes	in my new house	did not follow me	
new moon	an abandoned car	on lover's lane	
broken iris	every vase	looks wrong	
winter sickness	my daughter tucks me in	for the first time	
sagging totem pole	the tiny adze marks	in perfect rows	
valentine's day	a patch of snow	the sun hasn't found	
insistent buzz	behind venetian blinds?	indian summer	
thanksgiving	huddled on cold asphalt	gulls with no necks	
my back gives pain	i learn to loose dignity	to stand is to cry.
adonis blue . . .	searching in vain	among the heathcliffs	
spring wind	our dog barks	where i?m hiding	
first raindrops	the neighborhood dog and chainsaw	stop.	
April city	piss and apple	blossoms	
taste of sunshine	on a yellow pear	one raindrop	
winter'solstice	i'suck?the?bones	of?a?carp	
collecting...	for the dead miners	wild violets
birdsong . . .	the neighbor's light on	at 3 a.m.	
small town	the same dream	as last night
first snow	candles light	our canned soup dinner
new year's eve	the lights of crab boats	evenly spaced	
the hearse, the swamp	last year's frozen cat tails	
lightning eyes flashing	and your face darkens and clouds	thunder comes after	
indian summer	rust on our hands	from the swing
woodland stroll	the same bird call	always just ahead	
the taste of cider	when fallen leaves begin	to overlap	
resting here . . .	long after someone gave a name	to this ocean	
end of October	a bookseller without customer	stirs the leaves	
warm rain	his childhood memories	about the beach	
sunday morning	ants on the rim of my	coffee cup	
matching exhales	with the sleeping dog . . .	bone coloured mist	
a killdeer pretends	her wing is broken	the smell of cut hay	
fine shell new moon	onto cherry pink horizon...	shades of easter egg	
scent of windfalls??	the whisper	of solitaire cards	
three shades too dark	the lipstick	on his collar	
hospice...	she asks me to bring back	a shell from the sea	
brambles wrapped	around barbed wire?	first leaves	
cold night	my reflection	sipping coffee	
first spring day	the bareness	of legs	
a famished mallard	has emigrated	to the city zoo	
first day of Spring	two sweethearts kiss	under a leafless tree	
in?one,?then?another	of?the?kousa?dogwoods?	the?flash?of?fireflies	
stupid hot   melons...   rolling   like fat idiots   out from leafy shade!
fingerlings??	a water moccasin	poses as a reed	
mischief night	the orb weaver waits	at the edge of its web	
under the eye of a heron	session of stretching	on one leg	
early morning light	gently your hand sweeps away	new year's confetti
foghorn	the slow roll of a fish	on the line	
getting to know you	a timer goes off	in the kitchen	
drifting cherry petals . . .	a window goes up	in the passing limousine	
hot night -	after my bath	the world seems cleaner	
snow buntings	his new bride	waits in the car
falls overlook	thinking of having	my ashes scattered
a cold jar	of young eels	the moon in their eyes	
desert highway	in the rear view mirror	blue flashing lights	
another	dead camera battery	fading peonies	
longest day	the stallion drinks	straight from the hose
deep ridges	in my fingernails	autumn rain	
snowed in . . .	fire wraps	around a log	
foggy dawn	light threads through	the mockingbird's call	
first morning dunking the last	of the homemade bread	
her laughter . . .	a waterdrop slides	in the nasturtium leaf	
winter stars	my feet slip slightly	on the path	
careful steps	rocking the boat	rocking the top of the ocean	
meal of the year -	crumbs	the palm of the hand	
earthquake season??	the moth orchid	begins to flutter	
war jitters	brush-stroked hollyhocks	stand at attention	
slow afternoon	the rain changes	to drizzle	
spring departs.	birds cry	fishes' eyes are filled with tears
no wind tonight	across this reach of prairie	all those stars	
morning stillness	a crow finally	flies away	
glasses on table -	grandpa passed in june,	only two months away	
ocean dusk	a tattler hauls a morsel	from the shallows	
on the sidewalk	among the cyclamens	one man	
soaking in mozart	a purple cactus flower	on the windowsill	
airport sunset	cherry notes	in the sake
biopsy	just a cyst - this time	a break in the clouds	
oh lucky   beggar!...   bright heaven   and cool earth   your summer outfit
morning icicles	the time it takes	for the dog to pee	
weeping willow	her golden hair	once blew that way	
the end of a branch	the hanging garden	in a drop of water	
low tide seaweed?	wigeon and bufflehead	dine separately	
choppy river??	bursts of the coxswain's orders	on the wind	
first day of spring	she doesn?t ask me	why i?m late	
car ride	the child draws	a silent story	
moonless night	the wet trash bags	reflect the stars	
dust rising	down the old dirt road	summer twilight	
winter rain	the blind boy	on the train	calls out the stations
geese in formation	rush-hour traffic	merging	
winter night	i sip ginger tea	from my sister's cup	
allhallows eve	the last leaves fall	from the wild grape	
cold dawn?	bird feathers stuck	on the cat door	
steady summer rain . . .	the gull takes a few short steps	in the puddle	
reclusive neighbor	spearmint from her garden	comes over to mine	
easter morning?	she unwinds her rosary	from the buddha's shoulders	
shoots of green grain-	old abandoned houses	stand along the highway	
sun low	chins rested	on the losing oars	
death	of an old friend	my cup empty	
rose garden	i?ve forgotten which one	is called peace	
in my palms	the bullfrog's heartbeat	deepens summer	
clouds lifting	above the archipelago	morning light	
lonesome train whistle...	suddenly grandpa's mind	becomes sharp again	
december warm spell	the neighborhood snowmen	are all plastic	
first flakes	the nowhere voices	of geese	
evening light	the heron takes	a new stance	
winter temptation	in the seed catalogues	perfect tomatoes	
spring recital?	mozart on the piano keys	bird warbles at the window	
haiku judge	i press ear	to paper
winding road??	under the influence	of a strawberry moon	
airport	someone deleted	the passengers	
spring breeze	the woods road is still wet	under the pines
ragged jonquils	the old cemetery	with her baby's grave	
fallow field	i harvest a fistful	of oxeye daisies
does not make his bed	undo the	day return	
summer's end:	returning home	to shadows	
pine strand	flailing in night sky-	the first low star	
cliff trail	a raven's broad shadow sweeps	the greening valley	
early morning	a snail	in my sandal	
snow-covered mountains	i return my wristwatch	to the travel bag	
christmas concert??	mary keeps the beat	on the baby jesus	
damp earth	slick bellies	of winter radishes	
scrimmage??	the wide receiver catches	rain	
cricket song	my longing too	unanswered	
from childhood	the firefly jar??	light hair in it	
fourth of july	a mosquito waves	its striped leg	
midsummer rains	the glass on the stoop	half-full...
the lake's reflection	goes all the way out the limb	summer solitude	
for a moment	the sandwich maker	loses his rhythm
ring of mountains	elders walk the drum beat	around a fire pit	
snowbound	coloring inside	the lines
tall pines??	i?ll never be ready	to go home	
late into the night	we talk of revelations	moon through the pines
bluestem grasses	melodic echoes	of a bugling elk	
father's ashes	the sea spray	chills my face	
winter beach -	three gray lines	of sand, sea and sky	
expanding universe	the homeless man looks	for a place to sleep	
cyan lake . . .	a fishing net catches	the first light	
l?heure bleu	i find my house	when the neighbor's dog barks	
morning haze	a mosquito above	the pond ice	
heavy time	slowly ticking the minutes	Hurricane Irene	
memorial day	the nonagenarian's	crisp salute	
white marble	i am small at the feet	of lincoln	
thick river ice	his message in a bottle	hasn't moved an inch	
where the boys sat	a semi-circle	of watermelon seeds	
stiff wind?	shadows of things	stretch on the street	
the thrush	just	part	of	the	old	fence	post	
porch swing	the occasional drip	of gathering dew	
three-day beard	a large rock	divides the river	
dead man's curve??	a screech owl veers	toward the river	
autumn stillness	a magpie shakes seeds	from the torch weed	
the first scent	of pink jasmine	open book	
sultry day	boys on their wheels	making the wind blow	
after rain	the yellow of gorse	the black of slate	
at either end	of the twelve-carriage platform:	spring mist	
raked	with fallen leaves	the wings of a butterfly	
bow moves so fast	through trees and through the leaves	hitting the target
cool summer morning	i take my thoughts	out to the porch	
new year's fireworks??	waking again	with the dog	
shrilling cicadas	two women smile	at something else	
Internet	A spider in my glass	wake	
old garden shed?	clumps of dirt	shaped like pots	
sunset	the click of cicadas	downshifts	
cut flowers?	a child asks	if they bleed	
toddler's first	one small step	toward the moon in the window	
ship's rail??	moonlight all the way	to the moon	
harvest moon?	the dog brings	a dirty sock to bed	
that venus!	leading the cupped moon	through every turn of the road
tonight	as you left	only half a moon	
butterfly	my attention	attention span
rain	mixed with snow	spring equinox	
left-over snow	in the juniper's shadow	an old suet cage	
yo wut iz haiku	is it sumtin dat you do	well wat do you do
winter solstice	i delete an e-mail	from jesus	
thump and screech??	the long freight pulls out	in robin's song	
hard frost -	deep in my coat pocket	summer sea-glass	
in the twilight   rain   these brilliant-hued   hibiscus ...   a lovely sunset
to touch, be touched	is everything worth wanting	yes, there and yes, that	
more rain -	mildew colors	the old roof	
signal station	a woodpecker taps	in the dusk	
starry night	my child makes	more than one wish	
a new love story:	laid on the widow's shoulders	wispy bride's veil
warm day spaced head	everyone is talking strange	pollen fills my skull.
the soft blur	of sleeping swans . . .	winter light	
snowdrops	on the grave	a yew's shadow	
hurricane warning	the wildflowers	without butterflies	
months after chemo	i find her hair	in the bluebird's nest
through the rain	a riff of birdsong	camellias half open	
winter morning	a few dewdrops on	my last rose	
christmas eve? -	the merry flashing	of brake-lights	
i have a stick	i have a woody	where is my cactus
restless -	across the summer night	siren upon siren	
waterfront caf?	incoming?tide?through?planks	beneath our feet	
bi'r lair	a poke o bluid hings -	ootby...rodden berries	
in an old diary	between pages?	withered rose	
they speak again	if only of the weather	clearing sky	
the christmas	after we told them	artificial tree
cool breeze	the cicadas	sing louder	
midday call!	the owl deepens	a redwood forest	
scent of winter the sycamore's tire swing	turns in the wind	
first firefly	my wife and i share	our fortunes	
the house empty	It fills the sound	rain	
warm afternoon	my daughter's eyes close	as i read	
weather change	the first child	meets her sister
sweet night -	the Snowman	left without his pipe	
soundless low gray sky	air spiced with applewood smoke	fall will end tonight
a photo is all	we have of our rendezvous	between here and there.	
santa fe rain red chili strings shine	by the porch light	
heavy surf	too many moons	to count
do caterpillars	think butterflies beautiful?	find your own cocoon
snow after shakespeare	a child asks	"is it true?"	
ghost of	a white gazebo	night rain	
oregon sun sets late	three sisters sit so lonely	pale moon draws anear
city park	a child brings me	a dandelion	
new year's day	the sycamore's	uneven shadow	
among the magnolias	The Folia Corelli	in a violin	
aquajogging	the instructor's toenails	painted blue	
a red fox	appears disappears	winter wind	
summer moon?	dangling on her sleeve	a silver button	
a hot night's pilgrimage	with song...	zenko temple
end of winter	i place a phone call	to another time	
roon the was	faimlie photys	takkin tent o's deein	
mind chatter??	interrupted	by wildflowers	
a slow wasp??	the lamb on the spit	makes another turn	
Mother's Day	the smell of roses	near a grave.	
my thoughts too	have lost their foliage	winter night	
no details	about the procedure	quiet rain	
the police car slows -	suburban foxes	looting from bins	
from the bare hilltop,	watching migrating raptors.	how far will they go?
summer grasses	the lakota sings	of a white buffalo	
midnight stars??	the kitten warm	in my sweater	
the asylum	over the empty bed	scratch moon	
in the midst	of autumn trees the one	autumn tree	
pine-needled path	slowly i step	out of my mind	
forced retirement?	the creases in his pants	fade away	
I-5 corridor	Microsofties creep to work	slowly, in nice cars	
wing beats	of a pelican	our'sails?catch?the?breeze	
in the shadow of lilacs	a cat with her nose	in the air
sharia	the sound of one hand	clapping	
early spring warmth??	the cleaning lady shows me	her first tattoo	
the snow falls	on the branch sparrows	ever closer	
black squirrel	leaping into an oak?	rush hour wind	
looking through the glass	you can see the sun rise up	to greet a new day
despite everything	her dog wags its tail	when we meet	
graduation	a bee crawls on the cap	in front of me	
through steamed-up windows the park fill of mist	
tree-shimmering pond	the jazzband wavers	through birdland	
end of winter	the flannel sheets	worn smooth	
yellow moon?	the smell of woodsmoke	on the wind	
summer afternoon	the boys tell stories	about someday	
late summer	in luggage	autumn clothes	
small craft warning	a light chop	in the birdbath	
rusty gate	the beaten track	of its swing	
this fragility??	white cranes laced	in the air	
low tide	rain wets	the driftwood	
summer lightning	reveal in the night	the hidden streets	
winter sun	the curve of laughter	down the tree-house slide	
is?it?mental?illness	the?winter?rose	perfectly'still	
home alone	the cold	of an autumn rain	
morning sun	the headstone shadows	align	
haiku group	the discussion stops	for a robin	
moving day	a wet maple leaf sticks	to the mattress	
snake skin	caught on a blade of rock	windless day	
winter beach??	the size of gulls	up close	
dusky clouds	a patch of blue	hangs over the valley	
nightfall	a waft of frangipani	by the pool	
dead calf	a mother licks	the wind	
perseids . . .	the space between clouds	for one	
crematorium -	hungert craws	roond the lum	
between two farms	one of barley, one of wheat	the old battlefield	
a wolf spider waits	against the woodstove window?	summer heat	
first snow man	his nose lost to	a passing horse	
thunderclap	a blue reflection	in the dog's brown eyes	
her tiny hand	against the attic roof	heavy rain	
scent of pines?	a wind from the hill	leads me home	
dying embers??	a few new twists	in an old ghost tale	
spring in the air	my walking stick pierces	crusted snow	
first frost	why did I never	plant evergreens?	
distant galaxies . . .	taking another	wrong turn	
mother's day	a hummingbird drinks	between breezes	
torches! come   and see   the burglar i have   captured...   oh! my eldest son!
morning dew	i trace my son's	lifeline	
zen garden	rain disappears	into pebbles	
old plum tree in bossom...	last year the old owner	died	
contract signed	the wind catcher	twirls to the right	
green frog in the road	can't decide it's direction.	look at the dead frog!
summer lethargy . . .	between faucet drips	the ticking of the kitchen clock	
unpacking a new home??	do whales strand themselves	in this bay?	
fog with rain	the usual junk	in our mailbox	
summer sky	a damselfly stirs	the blue air	
ikebana	the space	where the lily was	
amid plum blossoms	my son and i	speak of recovery	
a ripple	reaches the pond's edge??	daffodils	
Cherry blossoms	patients line up at the clinic	sweet scent	
stuck behind	a schoolbus -	thunderclouds	
tourist town	postcards of the waterfall	racked upside down
after kindling	his passion . . .	she lights his cigarette
heart beats patiently,	i wait quietly for my love,	do i wait in vain?
i don?t know	what to tell her . . .	bruised mint	
dawn breeze	leaf shadows	on her freckles	
her old voice	young with love speaking	to her old cat	
after the funeral	children at play	bury barbie	
soft morning rain	the island deer stretches	for a golden plum	
escalator	out of the subway . . .	snowfall	
dark phase	of the moon?	i go incognito	
rooftop prayers	breaking the sound barrier	a blue angel
my blind date	disarming the alarm	she invites me in
moonlit beach	a sandcrab emerges from	under the castle moat	
midnight bus	the door swings open	to moonlight	
midwinter sermon	hardened drops of varnish	on the pews
pickup truck	an old retriever	laps the wind	
branch by branch	a squirrel climbs	the oak's shadow	
morning sun	the peach's blush	deepens near the pit	
winter rain . . .	pigeons under a bridge	folding in for the night	
bamboo flute	mournful notes flying	to an absent moon	
divorce proceedings	our bed gets bigger	and bigger	
Black jacket	under trees	with pink flowers	
crows cawing...	we add a little bourbon	to the pecan pie	
spring cleaning	just ahead of the broom	a long legged spider
late spring rain	their prize dahlias	eaten by a cow	
where snowflake	becomes lake??'safe beyond	all accident	
reed shadows	merge into the pond	faint coyote's howl
christmas eve	the jostle of umbrellas	in a crosswalk
at the centre	of constant ripples	a moorhen's nod	
he locks down	the roller coaster	toothless grin
Satie -	the rain	eases	
what do i know	about the untethered balloon	my daughter's embrace	
vernal equinox?	a pebble casts a shadow	on the concrete floor	
warmth of the tea room	the colored leaves	turn into themselves	
her first fossil	the curve of the creek	in springtime	
warm blueberries	a sand path winding	into sunset	
noonday heat	the pony holds a mouthful	of mountain stream
haikus	suck	ma meatloaf
possible remission bitter wind	shivers the shutters	
country road	by the sharp left turn	a white cross	
dusk-	fireflies leading the way	to the car door	
faded overalls	the garden weeds	touch the scarecrow	
thunderclap	the warmth	of her breast	
the sheen	of her pearl earring	summer moon	
dogs barking	perhaps I was a cat	in other life	
a red cloud	on the horizon	robin's song	
super moon	the pencil	pointless	
temple bells . . .	the clink of coins	in ceramic pots	
deep winter	not knowing for certain	where the garden is	
sunrise clouds	a rat burrows	into earthquake rubble	
shadowy distance,	the hectoring hurt of day	in a flat echo.
walking for my health??	the mutter of ducks	beneath the pier	
last moon	before irradiation	Hiroshima	
small town cafe	only strangers	get menus	
postal form??	the gift value of a bottle	of empty cicadas	
this evening	with no dog barking . . .	autumn wind	
spring rain	a man standing outside	the bus shelter	
stalactites	the howls of children	echoing back	
shaking out crumbs	the smell of rain	on asphalt	
daylight moon	the shadows of bubbles	under the ice	
on the wall	in the light stripe	the shadow of a flight	
meadowlarks glide	over the ripe grainfield	tips of deer velvet	
in memory of	tombo (lorraine ellis harr)	october 31, 1912???march 3, 2006	
i brush	my mothers hair	the sparks
our song...	it turns out	i misheard the lyrics
the coming rain	bird calls echo	along the creek	
prayers and hymns	echoing from long ago	sunlight on a pew	
tang of salt spray	at a fishing pier	late summer	
the spiral	in a red hothouse rose??	year's end	
lily stamens	almost touching	cicada cry	
i ask him again	the honeybee burrows	into thistle	
border collie	rounding up	the tide	
snowfall	a milk mustache	on my daughter's face	
&nbsp?????night garden	all the births and deaths	that will go unrecorded	
unkempt garden	a hibiscus blooms	amongst the weeds	
behind shadow proof blinds	the calligraphers	word processor
waterfall view??	soba noodles slipping	from my chopsticks	
november wind	one leaf pauses	at each sidewalk crack	
voices of two   bells   that speak from   twilight temples...   ah! cool dialogue
half-light	the cat turns and washes	one paw	
nourished by crude seeds?	yet how beautifully	the song sparrow sings	
world news -	the pink line of a plane	an antenna to the other	
summer solstice above the piazza del duomo	sun through a dove's wings	
summer cottage	the nails	mother straightened	
a door-to-door salesman	lengthens his stride??	the scent of wisteria	
sunlit riffle??	overhead the osprey clutches	a wet gleam	
drunk on the beach?	the moon in my sake cup	disappears	
thunderclap!	a squirrel near the feeder	clutches its chest	
end of twilight	duck wings whistle	above the path	
torn ceiling blocks??	near the finches? nests	flutter and chatter	
sandflies	tiny bits	of buddha	
back at work??	the mosquito bite	blossoms	
starry fireworks	a smoke cloud	drifts past Orion	
after the rain	en laundry Waving	in the blue sky	
summer garden	the full stretch	of the hose	
sugar moon rising	the wail of a midnight train	takes me home again
i've nothing to do,	my hand lives to please you all.	eyes of a kitty.
one last look	through the old apartment	a dry sponge . . .	
old house,	all doors	are open	
fog lifting??	my cat finishes	a sparrow	
prayers	for a dying friend	azaleas in bloom	
humid?breeze	the'scent?of?basil	on?her?fingertips	
broken screen??	the house finch	looks in	
soba noodles . . .	the new year	slips in
Back to School -	in the hundreds	dead	
chilly wind?	a marmot whistles	from the moraine	
buttocks in buttocks	upstairs	Austerlitz station	
how desirable	in the thrift show window	my old mag johng set
only one small	darth vader	i start on the milky ways	
little black dress?	i squeeze her lipstick	into my cummerbund	
word war	a spider weaving	by the fire	
spring sky	a pair of ravens	owning it	
wee bitter   cricket   crying all this   sunny day ...   or is he laughing?
Just before winter	Buddha junk	his last gift	
tiger in the grass	my baby boy	tickled nose
first day of spring	a new bottle of ink	for an old fountain pen	
heat shimmer	a heron drinks	from the horse trough	
january 1st	fresh grave being covered	by snow	
moonless night -	a distant dog responds	its echo	
the wind blowing hard	but the leaves make no sound	which guides the spirit
dentist's chair	butterfly wings on the window	open and close	
tentie o the bygaun burn	a hauflin	taen tent o bi a bodach	
right after	morning prayers	distant thunder	
rereading the renga	we wrote a decade ago . . .	my name: her name	
summer stream	a toddler's leaf floats	in circles	
the shortest day??	an orange traffic cone	where the oak stood	
the sweet alyssum	between my grandparents? graves . . .	spring afternoon	
small town market	the clerk chooses coins	from an older man's palm	
thunderclouds	the soft boom	of a bittern	
forest fringe	one fallen leaf	changes the landscape	
Tsunami in Japan -	ride a breeze	the channel surface	
Gleaners harvest moon	pale faces, leaden eyes stare	at an empty field	
winter solstice . . .	smoothing a folded corner	in my library book	
hole in the ozone	my bald spot...	sunburned
?regrets . . . i?ve had a few?	too much apple	on the peel	
sun after rain	the bare crabapple	luminescent	
light	up under the gull's wing:	sunrise
day after day	on the road to work	a single magpie	
a wildness	blowing through the neighborhood	with the snow	
work meeting -	a paper Carambar	in my pocket base	
squash blossom	just enough dew	to cool my face
river of stars?	the channel light	flashing green	
no bag we wrap the leeks in the obituary page	
early march snowstorm	his kite hangs from the ceiling	gathers dust	
false dawn	a ruffed grouse drums	the woods awake	
open window??	through the moon-filled night	the mockingbird	
seabirds	the wind lifts	my daughter's hair	
spring frost	the wind-up toy stopped	in midstride	
moonlight	on a white cactus blossom	end of summer	
new year	fireworks	in a misty sky	
old park bench	i touch our initials	each time i pass	
morning mist??	a train whistle mingles	with the moravian band	
bamboo depths...	in carp circles	your smile	
halloween . . .	she asks to borrow	my hippie jeans	
a lizard tail	released in my pinched fingers	the scent of thyme	
kitchen mop-up??	the peace of moving out	in widening arcs	
lovers looking up	not kissing	spring moon
thin summer moon a waft of burnt insect	from the halogen bulb	
fruit basket -	daily point	each cherry	
November winds	the dog finds dead birds	in the hedge	
a tiger in africa	hunting a gazelle	in plane site
day lilies	waking to find	it wasn?t a dream	
farmer's market??	an earwig burrows	into the pennies	
zazen—	that fly battering itself	against the sunny window	
call of a loon...	cove light and shadow	ripple in
meeting with boss	i knot and then unknot	my tie
soft spoken	her jewelry and music	are heavy metal	
december seventh . . .	from the ship's bell	icicles	
dangerous lightning	she watches me	watching her	
afternoon rain-	a neighbor opening her curtains	too	
Saturday night fog	only when they talk	I notice	brouillard du samedi soir	c'est seulement lorsqu'ils parlent	que je les remarque	
alpine bus ride	the wildflowers	almost distract me
daybreak...	a?farmer?taps?the?goose's?head	on the way to the barn	
Memorial Day	stars obscured	by distant smoke	
frosty meadow	another dawn	reaches across	
wake up one morning	note on the bedside table	my girlfriend is gone
sleety rain	the flowered umbrellas	sold out	
morning moonlight . . .	a raccoon teeters	on the chain link fence	
the river's movement	glimpsed through trees	midsummer eve	
still waters	a thousand scoters	wing to wing	
only his shoe	left crisse	after Mass	
spading the garden	each earthworm half	goes its own way
nature is a girl	an extremely pretty girl	she's really liked
worn out day??	rocks the river left	on top	
above the harbor	clear blue sky	?arctic wind	
color?coding	my?to-do?list	spring?morning	
shop window	winter light along	the violin strings
snowflakes pirouette	scrabble cold alphabet soup	from a haiku sky.
a line of gulls	fencing the shoreline	unbroken sun	
shelling almonds	bits and pieces of	childhood	
another wish??	puffballs ripe	for the wind	
rainy day	they give me back	my shoelaces	
labor day	the crease finally worked	into new shoes	
out of work??	the silverberry hedge	in a growth spurt	
winter solstice	inside the hollow tree	fire blackened	
afternoon haze	the park chess players	need more time	
Through the  pulp mill smoke	A long red line is showing	Start of a sunrise	
sunset clouds	the decoy's touch-ups	in a different hue	
approaching storm?	minnows dart	in the bait bucket	
the NASDAQ falls	moss clings	to a weathered tombstone	
arguing	a deaf man grabs	the other's hands
hurry up	to cross the trail	reckless snail!	
a procession	the funeral of thirty one	December 2004	
above the whitewater	listening to both forks	the gorge at twilight.
november rain	the fence	around the ruin
sunday morning??	picking empties	off the lawn	
sundown . . .	the mason jars	empty again	
a whinny	stops his shovelling	deep winter	
christmas eve??	bits of a price sticker	stuck to my finger	
candlelight bath	the steam rises	from my toes	
fallen rose petals a japanese beetle tries	to right itself	
spawning salmon??	a bubble rises between	the river stones	
a single grain of dust	at the mercy of the wind...	the life of a man
first cold day?	the slower pace	of big black ants	
a break in the clouds	spider webs and plastic bags	catch the morning light	
limestone ledge??	winding through autumn colors	the sound of a creek	
autumn deepens	a last sunray	on the pines	
hot morning	the glitter of traffic	on the harbour bridge	
the page-finders	of my fathers daily missal	losing their colors
flea market	a still fly is part	of the old clock	
the samurai's sword	coated in blood of humans	samurai fight on
half-empty bed	i try to recall	his faults	
over the railroad tracks	the slow motion	of a snake
trail frog	the children	jump back	
good friday	the sudden whiteness	of hawthorn	
fresh sawdust	among the birches	his bent shoulders	
longest day??	it seems i will be lonely	forever	
full moon	he asks if i?m ready	to sing	
fat moon	through every window	bull frogs	
cancer clinic visit	day breaking from the night	a seaplane is waiting	
spring morning	the freshly painted name	on the overpass	
East River green waters	a friend gives me a sip	of his absinthe	
deep fog	a sax returns the call	of a tug horn	
backyard pine??	what can i do	with all these crows	
headwaters	the dipper's shadow	follows its call	
school closed	fireflies gather	under the willow	
afternoon breeze	no one understands what	the parrot sings	
even on calm days	these?coastal?trees?remember	which winds prevail	
drought-	weeds sprouting	near the sprinkler	
a silent movie	the audience	keeps on talking	
planets in line	a moth flutters	in the open doorway	
island morning fog	the spruce tree and wooden bench	web-conected
handing off the keys	a chill wind hustles	the end of April	
ebb tide	the curve of the beach	brighter	
the sun bright	scorched the moon	away
grey day	the only bright spot	a red traffic light	
day moon -	the distance between us	full of silence	
election day ::	a butterfly about to settle	on the seesaw	
Etruscan wall	Painted by the passage	a snail	
also tonight	snow gondola	the Grand Canal	
shortening days...	the petals fall	into dust	
lucky bamboo	a single leaf	tipped with sun	
anywhere sun	finds the creek	water striders	
winter wind	
migrating birds	grains of sand tumble	from her notebook	
drifting	from somewhere	pear blossoms	
autumn moonlight	a migrant worker sings	his way home	
daybreak	between mist and pond	a loon's wake
autumn begins	leaves follow me	into the shed
dreary day	a black walnut	gnawed white	
hot and humid	the tea kettle dribbles	onto the counter	
the child	a bit ahead of us	summer stars	
church picnic??	grass butterflies stirred up	by my skirt hem	
new year's eve	rain becomes hail	becomes silence	
strong winter wind	bits of Batman kite wings	fall from the tree	
Epiphany -	magnolia buds	defy the gray sky	
a row of dryers	twirling their contents	longer days	
light rain starts to fall	this half-alive summer day...	left ear all plugged up!
typhoon warning	a farmer on the path	between the rice fields	
year's end	a few tentative steps	on the river ice	
peony buds?	can an ant	relax?	
solar flare -	spring moon half-hidden	in the clouds	
snowflakes	frozen to tree-bark	morning silence	
desert wash . . .	from nowhere a frog	and the first faint stars	
vanishing difference...	gliding geese settle onto	their reflections	
every word	breaking something	hailstones	
just staring	at some autumn clouds	a hot cup of tea	
sunset and moonrise??	if only i could learn	to be faithful	
5am	bird songs lost	in air conditioner noise	
gray dust	on the marble fireplace -	and your picture	
the sky	gray with voices	late geese	
father's day	teeth missing	from the pocket comb	
a curve in the road	looking for lilacs	in the wind	
drizzling sky	a little girl drinks	from her mother's cup	
after the concert	the conductor motions	for his coat
back at camp	the mountain peak	still in my legs	
labyrinth?walk	the?reliable?cooing?of	mourning?doves	
funeral over	people and leaves scatter	in the wind	
on CNN	if you listen carefully	you can hear	
finally a day of sun	here in the rain forest	freckles on my face	
In the space-between	trees and mist	a white buffalo	
cold night	the dashboard lights	of another car	
eastertide . . .	passing fields	of numbered lambs	
farmer's market	a ladybug comes	with the kale	
midsummer's eve	the pond's last light	stirred by dipping swallows	
end of summer	tumbleweed trapped	in barbwire	
thin ice	morning sunrays enter	the river	
first day of winter -	retouching a haiku	last summer	
we wade our way in	japantown festivities	persimmon pudding
winter chill	turkey vultures circling	one of their own	
afterglow	a taste of vine	in the tomato
the sun is bright today,	moring due glimers on the tall grass,	for it is still morning,
tug of her hand??	a heron one breath away	from the sky	
bamboo in snow?	but for a sung painter's art	i'd have passed it by	
Red larch	blue grass -	dawn	
kite shop -	entering with every customer	the summer breeze	
autumn drizzle i chop the carrots	into finer bits	
tent revival	the preacher's wife	in a miracle bra	
a gray cubicle??	cicada songs	through a speaker phone	
first warm day	the training wheels	come off	
autumn gale	a month's mortgage payments	scatter the lawn	
leaf-cast shade	a hoverfly moves around	a spot of sunshine
frescoed chapel...	i insert a euro	and then there is light
the dogwood	and the cat's meow	the color of twilight	
from over or under	toilet paper end	always hiding
distant thunder??	the scolded girl	steps on every crack	
first names	no longer in fashion	weathered headstones	
noon sun	picnic cheese	sweating	
arlington	the tulips	wide open	
summer drizzle??	dark shadow of an umbrella	takes its time	
studio window?	a fly walks	from cloud to cloud	
walking alone??	my face	disassembles	
lavender stalk	the weight of one	butterfly
longest day	rolling each awning	out to its limit	
alone with my thoughts . . .	the wet sand a mirror	between ebb and flow	
my body	aching and feverish	after-nightfall	the autumn wind rises	
you can forget	how to ride a bike	autumn leaves
winter grasses	a break in our	interconnectedness	
a magnolia leaf	falls between us	tenor sax	
tax morning	my undrunk tea cold	in the cup	
morning rain	blue flames flicker	under the teapot	
summer storm	a clothespin bag bobs	on the line	
carousel . . .	the grasshopper riding	anywhere	
harvest moon	the horizon between here	and hereafter
night of stars	in the next room	my sick mother	
dry late September day	the sun shines	on her freckles	
twilight moon	a hole in the chestnut	fills with stars	
ah... summer breeze ah...	she loves to make us warm	ah... summer breeze ah...
summer rain . . .	the red earth	reddens	
gray october	the poet's voice	outlives him	
migraine??	the red fan opening	fold by fold	
the cries	in the marsh rain	jacksnipes	
pregnancy	shape of the dark side	of the crescent moon
this greening mist...	the?winter?burned?azalea'studded	with vermillion flowers	
water lilys	a leaping fish	catches the light	
Mid morning coffee	sipped from a chipped mug old	so comforting	
first light . . .	the wide-awake hats	in the lettuce field	
graveside??	my breasts	leaking	
spring wind??	the pregnant woman walks	into the ocean	
subway stairs?	the old man climbs	into autumn	
something's gathering	the animals are long gone	thunder is roaring..
one seed	at a time	winter finch	
sunday	the chorus of sparrows	in a church maple	
this snowy   morning   that black crow   i hate so much...   but he's beautiful!
long winter night	after chapter six	the tea is cold	
a length of rope	knotted with seaweed??	pull of the tide	
white water??	a salmon ignores	the fish ladder	
first frost	I feed	the aquarium fish	
that fart	prayer fans	all sermon long	
rib shadows	on a loping coyote	a field of cut hay	
on the beach	by the ancient city	sand castle ruins	
Venus	a faint glow	from the refinery	
a beach dune	drops a little sand . . .	the autumn stars	
re-inflated tires -	the grain of the road	just sings	
thanksgiving	my mind wanders	to my dead brother	
whalebone	from a beach near savoonga	winter rain
raining??	i discuss tomorrow	with falling petals	
invisible fence	. . .	no sign of the dog	
To the Finland Station	They rush	to strike a deal for iPhones	
moonless night	a spoonful of darkness	stirring my tea	
milkweed drift	i take my chair outside	to wait	
autumn wind??	from next door's garden	the sound of hide-and-seek	
christmas lights...	high above the street a skein	of twilight geese	
i dreamed of   battles   and was slain...   oh savage samurai!   insatiable fleas!
done for the day	my dad brings to supper	the smell of turned earth	
strong wind	an inflatable Santa	decides to fly back north	
the geyser erupts??	for a moment i forget	the smell of sulfur	
second husband	painting the fence	the same green
withered corn	the runner in last place	turns it on	
paddy fields . . .	a heron glides past	bent backs of women	
crescent moon	the smooth curves	of her headstone	
a pigeon	cooing circles on the dock	end of summer	
grandfather's house . . .	light of the moon	on an unpruned tree	
no work today	a carpenter ant wanders	aimlessly	
returning home??	i cross to the cricket's	side of the road	
fireplace heat	in my socks?	winter morning	
hot coffee -	my glasses	Steam veiled	
rattling white in my eye socket a half moon and two aspirin	
on lookout rock	one step	to the red hawk
higher than the roof	the peace rose planted	three wars ago
overcast Autumn	a teacher asks her kids	to draw a rainbow	
towering pines	a bobcat prowls	in the early mist	
holly trees surround	the garden	when will i learn to forgive?
wedding anniversary	my parent's ashes, together	in the moonlight	
blood moon...	once again i check	my baby's pulse	
after lambing -	sheep	with trailers	
summer afternoon	settling into its shadow	the old labrador
sand covers	the salmon bones??	autumn begins	
churches sit empty,	their songs of praise now silenced.	time for rocks to sing.
dog days	the hill carried away	a truck at a time	
rainy day...	a crow on the bare branch	sharpens his beak
random beach stone	imagining	my biography	
stark tree limbs	i have nothing	of my hometown	
grinding sausage meat	she recounts the times	her husband cheated
passing clouds	the scent of wild thyme	on my fingers	
dry heat	a hawk corkscrews	the sky	
azalea bonsai??	the flower girl clutches	her first bouquet	
used clothes	placed out on the stoop	a light snowfall	
morning fog	a dark pine shape	sheds its crows	
a fishing fleet	hanging in the clouds . . .	the spring horizon	
the cleavage	the young ceuilleuse	- Melon field	
the snow-spinning wind	i dream of only big trees	in my prison yard
new year's dawn	the dog waits beside	his empty bowl	
cold morning	a thin cat slips in	the closing door	
storm on the lough	streetlamps on seaview	lit by sunrise
she has a twinkle	in her eyes	I order more oysters	
dried anemone	in a diary	no when, no where, no why	
sweaty hand on mouse	for a moment i forget	i'm not a cleric
Hazy skies	the cedars less dark	this Summer day	
voar -	throuch gray vennels	a reid bike	
autumn sun	the comfort	of old blue jeans	
war in Iraq -	a spider hides	in the cherry blossom	
knee deep snow	hiking all the way	to the mailbox	
mother's day	i cut the long white root	from a carrot	
still in the taste	of afternoon tea,	my grandmothers brogue
the end of summer	my light beer	suddenly darker	
cloudless day	the hollow sound of the	woodpecker's knocking	
buttered toast	in my black coffee -	the starry sky	
dawn light	on a red-tailed hawk	indian summer	
playground	searching the hubbub	for one voice	
wild life -	a fly sticks	in front of the TV	
evening crickets	star by star	the dipper appears	
spring break??	the migrant child chases	willow fluff	
nursing blisters	at the halfway mark . . .	soft mossy rocks	
summer evening	dusk falling	through the skylight	
the feel of a stone	through the pickaxe handle??	forked lightning	
melting snow	the distance between	someone else's steps	
bird feeder	again the squirrel comes back	to check	
coffee-cup shadow	mother and son	in deep conversation	
a deep bruise	i don't remember getting	autumn evening	
summer nights air 	both my mind and cigar smoke	drifting.
appalachian spring-	carbide carbuncles	in the coal oil light	
soft moonlight	a second owl	answers	
between the toes	of two lovers??	the moon	
rural prison?	larksong drawing up faces	from the pens	
two-quilt night??	creak of the firebox	as we settle	
the wait	to take a driving test . . .	ants on the sidewalk	
tending	her grave for spring??	tending my soul	
wrapping tulips?	her fingertips smudged	with yesterday's news	
harvest moon	spider too,	gazing at it quietly	
year's end	well-worn pages	of the psalms	
On the table	Apple blossom branches	A new scent	
first warm spell??	i gaze into the sky	where the shuttle streaked	
dentist's office -	cracks between tiles	filled with dirt	
sunlit canvas:	he unfolds a rabbit	from the spring sky	
passing the church	she gazes upward	spring twilight	
straggles of mist	ancestors evaporating	in a highland dawn	
religion aside	there are plum blossoms	and pussywillows	
deep deep deep cold	the lengthening pauses between	her words	
reunion dance	this time she lets him	crush her corsage
falling snow	the dark curve	of a red fox's tail	
the egg seller...	her cracked hands	speak of winter	
shadows	drifting into the garden	the hunter's moon	
in an open jar	of sage, the desert	after the rain
full moon . . .	shadow on shadow	of prickly pears	
summer twilight	a woman's song	mingles with the bath water
the warm glow	of living rooms??	one of them mine	
wet road	a shepherd watching me	slow down	
the gardener's truck	willow leaves scattering	down miles of highway	
robbing the bees	she speaks of	lip balm	
fresh paint	a white moth circles	the bug light	
vernal equinox??	winter overflows	the closet	
the words unspoken . . .	waiting for the toast	to pop up
twilight?	words in the margins	of sketchbook trees	
sun breaking	through storm clouds	gorse amongst the heather
scent of seaweed	drifts into the cemetery	i walk alone	
so early for snow	the poeple are unprepared	disaster follows
moving day their pregnant cat	left behind	
Ash Wednesday -	the bunch of daffodils	getting ready to bloom	
our shadows	leaning on the railings	on the pond	
sipping fresh cider	both dippers	among the far stars	
new home	another child's handprints	in the driveway	
Fourth of July	another day	at Guantanamo Bay	
a mother nursing-	here's the white line of life twining	this hearthes
hot night??	riffs	and midriffs	
the kittens	can't yet see us	spring night	
faither's bothy -	bottle scrievit 'weed killer'	reekin o fusky	
two dog walkers	meet -	two conversations	
starless night	my daughter delivered home	by a policeman	
rustle of bamboo	the steady pace of oxen	hauling fruit	
perseid showers	only rain in	the night garden	
lanternless night...	a whisper passing	through leaves	
if purple	were my color . . .	twilight snow	
old tombstone	losing its name	faint first star	
warm breeze	caught on the grass	one dragonfly wing	
village common	the newly painted clock tower	missing its hands	
snowstorm	you've gained at least a pound	snowman!
now that eyes   of hawks   in dusky night   are darkened...   chirping of the quails
call from the hospital	a leaf caught in my wiper	leaves a streak	
patience.	on the dock he sits beside	a can of worms	
snowmelt -	the garden blooms	with children's toys	
city lights...	the distance	between us	
morning frost	a monk's chant	crosses the river	
daybreak a white dog	crosses the snow	
life and death decisions	the need to feel	the satin lining
sun dog	so many names	carved on the cliff	
heat wave...	a memory of ocean	rushes in
a block from home	a pair of rain drops find	my haiku notes
speaking my mind . . .	a log tumbles	out of the fire	
snow melt	the barn owl	glides across the moon	
darkening sky	snowflakes soundless	against the garden chime	
new year's day	the cloud that held the mountain	lets go	
perseid shower	the intake of her breath...	another contraction	
neatly stacked	the scents	of sawn timber	
swollen stream??	my friend talks about	the cancer	
spring-like day	the cat grapples	with a catnip bird	
recess bell?	frost on the rungs	of the slide	
waning moon	the cricket behind the fridge	starts singing	
foggy morning	she wipes the dust	off her portrait	
deep in the woods	leaves drifting over	what used to be a wall	
restless autumn sea	remnants of fukushima	arrive at our shores
stargazer lilies	my quantum	of time
how to dress her	for eternity??	blossom rain	
now the wanderers	they follow the lonely path	but they are happy
a fallen leaf	rocks back and forth??	the size of an ant	
nearly dusk	the playground astir	with dragonflies	
bedtime	trying not to count	maimed solders	
condolences	i choose the card	without words	
schoolyard fence??	when did i end up	on this side?	
daffins	bress baund -	voar concert	
hot July night	my neighbor opens	her curtains	
March wind	a strawberry off	from my birthday cake	
cold coffee	the crunch of a Christmas ball	under foot	
deep winter	i lose my list	of things to do	
starry evening	i can still	make you laugh	
evening train	windfall apples scattered	near the tracks	
overgrown thicket	the intersection	of old stone walls
summer dawn??	light around the windows	as at grandmother's	
after the cloudburst	birdbath full	of sky again	
maine?	granite poking up	through the lawn	
funeral march	the play of raindrops	on mahogany
crashing waves	mother darns a sock	by candlelight	
early spring	pallets of fertilizer	on the loading dock	
twilit city	creek pebbles	in my shoe	
quick steps on hard wood,	a racing heart / shadow hips,	scream of passing skin.	
bus stop?	the ladybug on my finger	spreads her wings	
tai chi	slicing the morning mist	in quarters	
on the sidewalk	wet from the rain	Walking trails in the sky	
sunny sunday in november	half assembled shelves	wait in the kitchen	
sudden chill	my aunt corrects	the children's manners	
haiku addiction	paper scraps easy prey	intent poised pen waits
pipe leaking	a way to get to know	new neighbors	
red ribbon	on a sweat-lodge pole	fading sunset	
twilight	a yellow canoe	drifts across the bay	
tight-fit of her jacket	and one button	hanging-by-a-thread
harvest moon	i gather my thoughts	for winter	
an ancient wick	casts shadows on the wall??	mother's soft humming	
alone tonight??	the calla lily curves	into shadow	
melancholy	runs in the family	sparrow song	
a ladder leans	into the scent of apples...	orchard fog	
it's 4:10 am	i can't think straight, and much less...	count syllables
swelter	a cat watches traffic	from the long grass	
summer heat	an old man's flirtation	turns to a yawn	
Sami path	Deep-even in snow-	the blind horse	
drunken sailor	loses both shoes	tying one on
listen to the rain	next to my phone	quiet	
the old magnolia . . .	a southern drawl	to my death poem	
after a storm	the absence	of a tree	
sleeping cat	belly full of purrs
spring stars	washing my daughter's lipstick	off the mirror
milky way	the light from one farm	stretches down the valley
where soldiers	once slept and died -	a spider's home	
dragonflies??	even if i could catch one	i wouldn?t	
small talk with the mailman	i sign the receipt	for mother's ashes	
new year's confetti	the accordion player	leans back on his heels
skillet rust	stains the sink . . .	whirling leaves	
wobbly legs	the stray kitten plops	into a purr	
butterbur	the rabbits explore	a little further	
two years of mourning	vanish	a playful kitten
dishes tray -	a drift Africa	above dishes	
drinking mulled wine	on the square	white breaths	
sultry evening?	a peacock's plaintive cry	across the flooded field	
he rolls a smoke	with blunt-tipped fingers . . .	huddled sparrows	
dusk	pelicans and cormorants	share the rocks	
a moonlit pumpkin field	in the rearview	she fixes her makeup	
cold nose	burrow of warm flannel -	morning light	
on a slip of paper	a number without a name??	autumn drizzle	
the ocean a shallow stream merging	without sound	
the circle	of the winging hawk now	tightening to a dot
the arch	of her foot . . .	feather shedding moon	
biting his nails,	a little boy watches	the outgoing tide	
prison cat in shadows	stalking the shaft of searchlight
whispers	on a sultry night	salsa music	
autumn leaves	the river picks up	its pace	
honeymoon	we wade into the current	of a great river	
winter morning?	the shower pipes	change pitch	
Grey surrounds	wind blows in from the window	Advents candles blow out	
November fog	not a tree	to be seen.	
november?cold	the?vending?machine	returns?my?coins	
the frog	slightly shifts his posture	summer evening	
a couple kissing,	not even moonlight	between them	
cityscape -	the moon rises	from a chimney	
last trace	of the birth steam in the meadow	the morning star
mid-summer	the nighthawk cries between	Pittsburgh and heaven	
mountain top??	the photograph of the view	before the view	
evening hail	the tap taps of brake lights	past the exit	
cold march winds:	hours in line	at the tax office
rickety fence	a spring calf stretches toward	younger grass	
knee-high?grass	a?bison's'slow?rise	from?the?wallow	
winter twigs??	the buds forming	at the scars	
output married	rose petals	already faded	
church cemetery	a wasp starts its nest	in mary's hand	
red leaf	i return it	to the shore wind	
moon almost full?	the blackness flows	downstream	
her long hair	the slightest scent	of the sea	
twenty below	the milky way	lined up with the river	
summer heat	overripe plums spill	into a bowl	
dried wheat grass	a bleached blond	combing her hair	
passing train	water droplets cling	to the pussy willows
creek grasses	bent seaward	winter rain	
bluest	on forgotten graves --	wild myosotis
mist and rain-	from the dark church	we walk into light	
his face	shaped by the speed	of his bike	
summer drought?	next to her rose tattoo	a pale blue vein	
blazing sun	the fly caught beneath	a wine glass	
late wisteria	the stepladder	wobbles	
early april rain	that woman fills every jar,	seals them forever
fireflies	my neighbor	has more
can not i vote more?	i click once, and it goes up	yet, more do nothing
late summer	crossing the memory	of a stream	
All my lights off	to watch the rising	of the Harvest moon	
the farmer,	planting corn under	a pregnant moon	
fallen apples . . .	the mare's warm breath	in my hand	
teashop table . . .	i watch rain drops	pop on the road	
a deceased friend	taps me on the shoulder??	plum blossoms falling	
old steeple	a turban of pigeons	unwinds the hour
Without world news	One hundred butterflies fly in the grass	this morning	
dusk	the last calf	settles into the herd	
crossroads	each "O" in stop	has bullet holes	
in the mirror	the look of love of mother	for his daughter who recites	
roadside jonquils	placed in a glass -	how quickly	their fragrance spills	through the bach	
spring scents	my dog and i walk	through different worlds	
blossom rain	grandfather's first day	in the retirement home	
Morning Weather -	between the blades of the blind	a dash of gray skies	
english newspaper	a lot of starving people	between fish  chips	
the slow drift...	sunbeam across	an empty room	
monks	chanting	only	at	first	are	they	still	temple	frogs
am i so old?	the sound of leaves	weighing rain	
driving lesson done	father and daughter run	fingers through their hair
one hundred degrees	the neighbor i don't know	offers me a ride	
new year's day??	deer tracks on both sides	of the fence	
open window -	some trombone agreements	in the May evening	
Saturday night	she wears her red high heels	Christmas nears	
sun-filled eddy??	a swainson's thrush sings	an upward spiral	
distant thunder . . .	she draws teardrops	on her doll's face	
children's zoo	the one black-faced sheep	gets all the pats	
summer evening	the girl who forgot my name	is laughing again	
wildfire the night sky full of pine
neighbour's cat	the cicada in its teeth	keeps singing	
alone tonight-	how blue	the moonlit iris	
pulling a weed?	the ladybug hangs on	for the ride	
filigreed moon	the soft edges	of her lingerie	
wind turbines	grind the sunset	summer's end	
here, where a   thousand   captains swore grand   conquest ... tall   grass their monument
equinox	again you speak	of leaving
into the stillness	a neighbour shovels	gravel	
still morning	birds on the roof ridge	every which way	
empty the water	but do not set off alarm	or the police come.
mist	lifting	the loon's cry
rainy season . . .	a smile on everything	the child draws	
moonlit camellias	caf? conversations spilling	into the street	
the off season	leaves cover	the nude beach	
windswept afternoon	tea scent	on my tongue	
cool march breeze??	between faded tea towels	her frayed pink bra	
silently day	becomes night	in this childless house	
open knife	the pages of a book of haiku	- Autumn evening	
northern lights...	the scratchy play	of seventy-eights
trail spur?	tendrils of wisteria	and cigarette smoke	
the taxi driver	tells me about his life -	autumn rain	
from tree-shadow to	lighted pools, startled koi: paint-	brush lines on water.	
dried leaves	hurry down the path	standard time	
the ugly old crone,	the poet prodigy,	and the dreamer unite,
father's day...	the weight of his hammer	that never fit my hand
at the tulip festival	she holds a bouquet	of dandelions	
outside	our bedroom window	falling sleet	
an albatross dips	below the waves	gale force swell	
perfect storm the perfume not hers
the earth is shaking	water is rushing ashore	there is nothing left
scaling fish	dad calls mom	his mermaid	
incoming fog	a forgotten memory	comes in flashes	
alone here, i type	rapbot lives glorious now	spits mad crazy shit
approaching gale	the beach grass sweeps circles	deeper in the dune	
summer noon?	the hearse's blackness	dazzles	
winter evening??	my newly divorced friend	hogs the cat	
autumn evening	her seventh rejection	of my proposal	
yesterday's rain??	another butterfly changes	the size of the blossom	
cattail seed	floating???the places	i would go	
table for one	the candle flickers	in an abalone shell
recess over	leaves swirl around	children in line	
home from war	we ease out	the champagne corks	
thru the wings	of a window moth	moonlight
Dawn	The night separating from the day	A bird's song	
new gravesite	the persistent taps	of a woodpecker	
cool night air	city noises fade away	memories	
a faint silver line	arches the night sky . . .	moonbow!	
reading her poems	the stillness of hummingbirds	in flight	
chemotherapy	putting on a brave face	as she loses her hair	
autumn wind	he wills his body	to science
desk drawer -	last summer	memory card	
mountain sunrise	the silhouette	of distant firs	
snow flurries -	my unborn grandchild's	perfect fingers	
first flakes	think of my father	on his hospital bed	
daybreak . . .	mayfly wings	on the cat	
gathering dusk	fragments of sky between limbs	become one
faded totem pole??	the frog's mouth	filled with snow	
change of seasons	i catch myself talking	to the wind	
bread rising . . .	a crumb	in an old book	
window frost?	the moon	through a thumbprint	
whistling	he	hangs	the	birdhouse	he	built
hole in the ozone	my bald spot . . .	sunburned
carrying sunlight	the wings	of a dragonfly
every spring	the same question . . .	returning bees	
from the suite dusk	fills in the river	& all the tiny lights are slow
moon in half	halfway open book	on the table	
in the curves	of an alto sax	amazing grace	
country road	no way home	without a detour	
mojave sunrise	a splinter swells	my fingertip	
a crane	skipping before me	on this seaside road,	its leg	a karate lift?
old priest,	his fingers dark	with newsprint
deep thunder??	a blue tail skink	slips under the door	
ripe corn -	my hair is	Autumn leaves	
deep in this world	of monet water lilies . . .	no sound	
leaf-fall	my echo	returns	
mountain stream	two well placed rocks	the path home	
mixing the compost -	a label	organic banana	
high noon...	young girls harvest	rice from a mirror	
lilacs in bloom . . .	the lecturer drones on	about end-of-life?	
gray morning	the icicle grows	by another drop	
full moon	a pear hanging	this side of the wall	
into dusk	the white rose	still whiter	
half caught in a dish of stars	rising moon
stoplight	each of us tapping	to our own beat	
She took dance.	Her big brassy calves	in the rain in September.	
midday heat -	the insistent call	of a dove	
East River warm Autumn day	a red oil tanker	zigzags	
lilac scent	the sound of hair	through her brush	
winter sun?	she wraps up her hair	in a colored scarf	
cloudy afternoon a chrysanthemum blooms	in the paper-folder's hand	
drawing near?	the loon's call still sounds	from afar	
alder stump??	an inch worm arches across	1984	
some passengers go	some passengers come	spring evening	
cut from driftwood	a cross stands	on the headland	
puddled field	the cat finds sunlight	on a fence post	
summer stars...	the old violin goes	to the highest bidder
empty pizza box	sitting next to garbage bins...	the vacation's end
the whole moon	caught for a moment	in the blackberry
clear-cut forest	the way	no longer the way	
bouquets of lilacs	the last bunch fills	a milk bottle	
slash burning?	the scarlet tanager	hits a high note	
a toast	to the departing year -	snow turns to rain	
Thanksgiving	a new seat	at the table	
moving day	again, i pack the china	we never use
she shows me	the first snow	a finger on her lips	
new milkweed pods	one tie goes up and down	under the freight train	
first crowing	breaks my sleep	year of Rooster	
first day of spring	at the snowbank's edge	a muddy puddle	
old camp road?	plumes of dust eddy	in the heat	
jazz in the night	leaves blow across	the empty intersection	
chilly june morning	in a spider web	the jailhouse fly hangs
children's laughter??	a weekend father	with sticks in his hair	
stock market closed	a trader invests in the afterlife	Good Friday	
summer night:	the store owner buys something	from his own machine	
summer dusk	the town hall clock	drowns a drunk	
August full moon	her pregnancy test	positive	
i?lift?my?foot	the?world?turns	autumn?leaves	
remaining blossoms	a gardener rakes the sand	across his footprints	
busy freeway?	squashed on the shoulder	an orange hard hat	
A spring morning	The pond's surface blurred	By raindrops.	
shadows shifting	over the reed bed	dark      light
spring rain??	her finger shushes	my lips	
highway fog-	the honking of geese	homeward bound	
sad smile	the line of bum who sleeps	on the subway platform	
early autumn	the old priest	trembling with tolls	
frost moon	pairing his wool socks	warm from the dryer	
great Tide	oil	at the highest	
gibbous moon	the smell of woodsmoke fills	a wait for rain	
the old barn wall	with every missing brick	a swallows nest	
Towards the dawn	stridulates guffaws	seagulls	
between the playmate's breasts	a squashed cockroach	
long winter??	prayer bundles sway	in the cedars	
a flagpole stands guard	before has flooded schoolhouse	as a river runs	
rainy morning	the haijin stirs	sugar in his coffee	
Tai Chi -	dugs reeng'm yowlin	...dae they snowk teeger?	
after its first flight	the young gerfalcon's talons	tighter on my glove	
autumn sky	the wind folds and unfolds	a flock of sparrows
progress . . .	the cobweb repaired where	it crosses the gate latch	
a nestful of feathers	and tiny skulls 	clouds without rain
quiet dawn-	in the oak tree	mourning doves	
head cold -	running out of tissue	before noon	
old garden chair	sagging with the weight	of a single leaf.
walking back with my answer?	her feet change the leaves	under the maple	
fire watch	the first pulses	of the pager	
morning commute-	headlights fade	in the whiteout	
saguaro blossoms	in moonlight	the first bat's shadow	
muddy towpath . . .	the cyclists	avoid my eyes	
spring night??	her moonlit zipper curves	from throat to waist	
summer heat?	the golden retriever's breath	on my leg	
the top of the tree	tickles the nose	Giant Buddha	
lanternless night...	a woman too old	to dream	
open air stage	in the moon's spotlight	a dancing moth	
starry sky	the honks of wild geese	rise from the quarry	
misty moon?	strains of a boatman's song	lost at sea	
iced or hot tea	I hesitate	last day of August	
Origami	
cold winter day -	hot tea from Kenya	in my cup	
beach of shells	a fisherman casts	into the sunset	
autumn night??	the spruce drops	silver needles	
sea mist burning off??	a sandpiper glides by	on blurred legs	
autumn deepens	we gather the few	remaining seeds	
halloween	the white cat's	black shadow	
morning frost	invitation to a white	wedding	
cabbages starting	to touch each other	late-summer heat	
between her	and his goodbye-	sudden hail	
year's end??	the median strip vanishes	into a curve	
talk of war my toddler points at swells	before they break	
her fresh flowers -	his fresh grave	valentine's day	
under floating clouds	the cherry blossom snow	in the same direction	
crescent moon over the skyline	she shows lots	of cleavage	
dentist office	the orchid stem	flowerless	
bullfrog chorus	one a little louder	than the rest	
brown crosses my mind	as i flush the white toilet,	the thoughts go away
dried apricots	a comfortable silence	between us	
subway platform	the beggar snores	his bottle stands	
full of pink and gray,	still leafless from the winter.	galahs in the oak.
mountain hike	we drink from the beginning	of a great river
dead sea scrolls	my mother still has	my baby teeth
drought	the prayers she knows	by heart	
tiny bubbles	where the moose was	a cluster of flies	
snowed in...	after the pi?a colada	dreaming in color	
low tide	she's on seaweed	diet	
lime trees in blossom	incensing the monastery-	resurrection's day
spring rain -	between she and me	hundreds of drops	
cancer ward -	a yellow woman	applies lipstick	
august moon	the coolness of	new sheets	
wet sand . . .	the summer wind	sets our pace	
spring moon?	the baby's heart beats	against mine	
midnight rain?	now every minute	the grass, greening	
thousands of feet of darkness above us sleeping swifts
insomnia	the mouse)	has it too	
earthquake	with the typhoon  more coins	at the temple	
lamb's ear	the softness	of summer rain	
once again	just the two of us . . .	snowdrops in bloom	
first light	my brow breaking	a strand of web	
a steady drizzle	the pitchfork in the bale	slowly darkens	
sharp night	a thin plume of smoke	from the fire station	
sunny snag	a pair of turtles slide	into thick silt	
house of grass widow's-	only in the neighborhood	roosters cry the dawn
a briefcase	flung open on the table	. . . jungle orchids	
nursing home	my father	the way i left him
christmas day	the exchange	of custody
looking	not looking	roadkill	
rust speckles the new saw	left by the carpenter	under the stars
right now	while we chat	fish in the deep ocean	
remembering my mother?	a wood thrush song	at dusk	
same old moon	the blur of insects	against the stars	
a bare bulb	burning in the barn??	winter fields	
late summer	echo of a motorcycle	buzzing in the tunnel	
school's back?	yabbies escape	the purging bucket	
fog . . .	just the tree	at the bus stop	
earthquake?	the dogs that barked at each other	bark together	
spring equinox	a summons	for jury duty	
yellow jasmine?	arriving chickadees	shake out perfume	
empty bottle	we start singing	another old tune	
sunlit reeds	the slender line	of the bittern's beak	
even my pee	stays inside this	cold winter night	
alone tonight	light on my bedroom wall	from the neighbour's house	
waterfall . . .	the passage of a floating leaf	slowed by wind	
still hummingbird...	as if summer	is forever	
the moon	in every puddle	the same	
the hawk spreads their wings	flying high up while i watch	and envy their luck
i can not believe	that the damn gnome does not know	what is a sobe?
morning tea	returning the cup	icts emptiness	
indian summer??	a squirrel tips over	the bag of rock salt	
embarrassed	by the lavish praise	i imagine getting
our neighbor sings??	spring snow melts	into the muskeg	
mallard pair	he rocks	on her wake
small green waves crashing	contre has porcelain rim	morning tea tempest	
low sun	behind the churchyard	piles of earth	
memorial day . . .	cut flowers lie	in ranks of white	
bad beer	the stock market	goes flat	
autumn in the park	a soprano saxophone	merges with the night	
purple lilly-pillys	the garden hose drips	into twilight	
summer sunset	your hand heavy	on my knee	
evening in the garden -	the washer neighbors	passes spin	
oh! oh! oh!	the mouths of japan's women	on a woodcut	
at the end of a tunnel in the clouds	a sunlit billow
evening fog	the crack of a home run	from the ball park	
leaves turning??	the toboggan hanging	in the dark garage	
graduation day	in the gait of our son	your younger strid
checking the obituaries	the dead leaves	curl under
trespassing??	a swirl of leaves	around my ankles	
rain	the white lilac	low	
end of summer	press one	to confirm
clouded light...	ripple crests edge	the egret's tail
windfall apples	bees tango	to a waltz	
daybreak -	ice between	the river stones	
darkening'sky	the?river?gives?no?reason	for?its'song	
psychic fair	she brushes some dirt	from the cards
a new month -	different seeds	on the spaniel's ears	
foggy morning??	tipping his hat	to the scarecrow	
meteor shower	a gentle wave	wets our sandals
coarse white pubic hair	sign of fleeting time old age	now at the ready	
a winter sun	drawn in yellow crayon??	the children's ward	
jamun tree . . .	the stains of summer	on my lips	
the passing year	a jetliner disappears	into gray clouds	
a gang of men	followed by others	the ripe grain	
more snow . . .	the brittleness	of the wishbone	
her plastic lifelines	in harsh hospital light -	even fresh flowers, fade	
in luminous night;	familiar moon reflects-	on the unknown sea.
Morning wintering	willy gardener	stunted...	
sunrise	meets the shore	wave after wave	
unpredictable:	the chaos of streaming years,	in a moment's time.
guitar and harmonica	in my car as bob dylan	further 20 years	
unaimed day -	beneath the flipped stone	five black beetles	
daisies in	vase next to bread	hot from the oven	
autumn morning	spreading marmalade	over burnt toast	
muezzin's call	a kite's silhouette	beneath orange clouds	
a hint of autumn	that slight pause before she plucks	her first gray hair	
misshapen ugly	hiking boots; just the right look	to go with my brace
garden bench	my warmth left	for the autumn rain	
winter thaw	tasting spiced cider	on my lover's tongue	
dry season	the infant in the stroller	sucks his toes	
speckled egg	the sunlight	on my thoughts	
behind the man	in the open doorway	nothing but darkness	
Carnival	Cross on the stairs	Spiderman	
late summer	black men spreading tar	on the side road
one window is all i need to see		the icy trees	after it just stormed.
the word father?	in tatsuko's haiku scroll??	winter camellias	
burnt house	the owner’s name	on the iron gate	
war news . . .	an old peasant talks to	the persimmon tree	
winter doldrums??	my own footprints lead me	into the woods	
mown field	long lines of stems	nameless	
Low tide	night owls left	Chips on the carpet	
tax audit??	dents in damp grass	from the mower's wheels	
dirt road??	a buddha sticker	on the stop sign	
frosty morning	the steam rising from roofs	and my African coffee	
distant thunder	I dream I've forgotten	where my parents live	
milk milk lemonade,	in the ocean fish living,	they are so happy.
she speaks softly	she speaks of daffodils	i write it down	
county fair	second place ribbon	in an empty stall
one week before Christmas	a three-legged dog	sniffs the trash	
everyone is talk-	ing and we need to stop to	pass this class today
rising Sun	she draws her mouth	in the back	
colors of flowers	i promise the children	she's in heaven	
one tiny cloud	large enough	to blot out the moon
vacation whodunit . . .	the perforated shadow	of my straw hat	
on the death   of his child   dew evaporates   and all our world   is dew ... so dear,   so fresh, so fleeting
warming breeze??	the barber's pile of clippings	a little bigger	
a bee chose	the rose i meant to pluck . . .	empty vase
skylight raindrop	holding jupiter	and the moon	
a long road	the spring wind	in my lungs	
autumn chill??	a buttefly swept up	with the leaves	
cold night	the hallway nightlight	flickers on and off	
stalled train	the red flash	of a blackbird's wing	
autumn?evening	voices?of?children	trailing?away	
graveside service	no one wants to leave	first
pond spillway	slowly through fallen leaves	a mottled snake	
above the clamor	of starlings	...star stream	
the silence	of the rain april	partner after the shower	
morning mist	his wallet and keys	missing again	
Spring drizzle	the sound of high heels	behind me	
Lobster top	with his eyes shaped buttons	fixed me	
clickety-clack	over the old wooden bridge	loose teeth and small change
summer rain	on the clothes line	down feathers	
no name on her plot?	i move the flowers about	bare grave to bare grave	
typewriters are great	to press the keys, what a joy	the ding of the bell.
needle-cushioned path?	only when he hops	the red toad	
summer's end	the mother of the bride	holds an empty hat box	
farmers? market??	on the mangoes in the straw	a strand of tinsel	
sunlit trampoline	my grandsons bare	their chests	
Sunday morning	smells of French toast	and cinnamon...	
hostel for the homeless	a flock of pigeons	settles	
spring sunshine	the jogger's stride	a little longer	
forest by the lake	fish hide	behind the trees	
winter rain??	i search for ways	to be four again	
summer solstice	the long shadow cast	by a plastic t-rex	
monkey's swing through tree"s	thowing bananas at him	hit on the head dead!
at the door of Fauchon	a puddle of vomit	- End of year	
Dark August sky	the moon an orange egg	her shadow trailing	
shooglin the beddie -	i the winnock	a crescent muin	
blue?hour?moment	between?darkness?and?light	meadowlarks	
spring sun -	the yellow house	just painted	
blowing snow	i learn the secrets	of the wind	
island shrine	the slap of salmon	across the water	
our lips touch?	the surf moves sand	beneath my feet	
scent of her hair	wave after wave	touches the shore	
summer house??	the key sticks	when leaving	
casino	its light fades away	in the dawn	
october stroll	the shadow of mom's cane bends	over cobblestones	
old barn	the swallows' nests	long abandonned	
mountain stillness	an empty chrysalis	fills with sunlight
sand speckled	by autumn rain her hand in mine	
identical twins	their hair neatly parted	on opposite sides
beneath the green bay tree	a broken shell	a broken song...
at the end	of a long afternoon	my faded shadow	
winter moon	across the wall	my long shadow	
autumn sun	i follow the shadow	with the limp	
slender grasses	and warm summer rain	touching the buddha	
colorful fall leaves fall	blowing in the pretty	calming and soothing
March night	listen to the rain	crashing on the tiles	
winter stars	we all hunt	for his belt	
honeysuckle breeze	someone honks when	the light turns green	
brenzo is stinkey	bronwyn is a cheesepuff too	brenzo is stinky
spring snow?	beneath the burnt log	a blue lupine	
learning too late	he didn't like bubinga wood	sun strikes the urn
sleepless night	I gather the petals	wilted roses	
ebb tide's retreat	and I grow older	recessionals	
autumn woods	yesterday's walking stick	just where i left it
rain and wind??	in the circle of mourners	one person smiling	
Libya	only ones with money play	others die	
the taste of smoke	in the single malt . . .	autumn deepens	
tales of our wildness	sets off cycles of laughter	clinking iced coffee
leaves falling	the sudden blackness	of branches
temperature drop??	the way stars are	a witness	
five counties, then	at the horizon	Betelgeuse	
spring sunshine	the climbing ivy	filled with sparrows
rodeo cowboy	hopefully clutching	a handful of sky
back and forth	across our conversation	fireflies	
waking	to the hum of the furnace	winter dawn	
he clings to the memory	of his old fallen barn	wild cucumber	
the salad bar's	long metal tongs	dining hall coolness	
night rain	the bedroom fills	with memories	
new friends	the potholed road	to their house	
night watch	the ex boyfriends house	on google earth	
shredded checks??	the robin weaves my life	into its nest	
high sun	ants to the top	of the okra stalk	
a thud on the glass??	awake	from my dream of flying	
the sun is so bright,	shinning on the ground this morn,	its so beautiful.
wind bursts the peonies	only a few strewn petals	land in pairs	
early autumn park	the perfect circles	of a little girl	
lame doe at dusk	shifting the weight	of my day	
climbing motuara -	a saddleback darts	under my breath	
standing alone	under a double	rainbow	
Coltrane	two floors up...floats	out a window	
biological?clock:	a?line?in?the'sand	drawn?by?the?tide	
the coin	as cold as the machine	which to me made	
summer's end  -	under a lamp on the path	a moth's dying	
winter wind?	sandpipers chase	their voices	
politicians play	the same old games -	long rainy season	
rolling sunset . . .	the dark side	of a wave	
yellow leaves in the current	a mink	after a mink	
Belated and elated	your gift of a blue candle	for my birthday	
summer solstice	one flip-flop	circling the pool	
haiku agenda -	cookie crumbs	Sunday's page	
restoring a fresco	light changes	along the grand canal	
war again . . .	the starlings	fly south	
waiting-room radiator	paper leaves	tremble against their pins
a tiny branch . . .	the hummingbird keeps time	to summer rain	
dentist's obituary	common interests	we could never talk about
autumn night??	the moon at the window	of the space museum	
botton of the heart-	even the dust of grave feels	the homing pigeon
kingfisher	a scent of willow hangs	in the air	
autumn woods	my last walk as a bachelor	memorizing vows	
late summer	the water	in one ear	
hospital room?	the potted plant	drops its leaves	
I saw that finger!	yes you in the Intrepid -	we shall meet again	
Country cemetery	snail on corroded tombstone	trails from A to O...	
bare feet	the child squelches	through a cowpat	
an empty chair	beside me??	crickets' requiem	
halloween??	a passing plane	lights the fog	
on the roof late	my brother hammers nails	in the moon	
blue sky	who cares how white	her satin dress is	
falling leaves	the knot that makes	two lines one	
cold snap . . .	waking to the creak	of house timbers	
bushfire smoke...	yachts on the lagoon	have no masts
beached kelp??	we examine each other's	life lines	
spring rain	I read his letters	one last time	
the guest preacher	in his sunday best	passing thunder
plymouth rock	generations of boaters	debating the moon	
taking the stairs	two at a time?	snowlight on the ceiling	
winter morning . . .	the stray cat returns	with a wound	
news of her cancer??	the radiance	of paperwhites	
sweltering heat	the cicadas buzz louder	during her hot flash	
my children and I	race to see the sunset	before it fades	
biting?wind	a?gap?in	the?picket?line	
heads down	the sunflower	the finch	
autumn chill	the cracks i don?t	step on	
the crunch of Autumn leaves	as I pass	a dentures shop	
heavy wind and rain,	the drop of watery time	on a windowpane.
deserted street	the hot wind rolling	an empty can	
rainstorm	ants drink	from a droplet	
pokemon are great	they always catch the poke bait!	gotta catch em all!
not a voice or   stir ...   darkness lies on   fields and streets   sad: the moon has set
the taste	of pine's bitter honey	these bitter tears	
elevator	an ex's scent	hanging	
lazy afternoon	the slow circles	of a redtail hawk	
flowering field?	the farmer's new fenceposts	squarely staked	
marking	the cat's grave	our dog	
snow flurries	candlelight moving	from window to window	
sun in the pines	the awkward cadence	of father's voice	
midday heat	taking it in	the white gardenia	
full moon	the barmaid kisses me	on the cheek	
pock	of tennis balls??	the heat	
sampling my husband's	home-made wine...	autumn evening	
that glittering point	in the distant evergreen	a dewdrop	
frog?at?dawn	a?grating?of?ginger?root	for?the?oatmeal	
autumn leaves	my fear	of falling	
growth rings	a child sings her way	around a tree	
there's a pelican	en ce que ball of feathers, tar	or it is a gull?	
hailstone	it tastes a little	of wild onion	
new winter moon	three star magnolia blossoms	lend their light	
january freeze	koi chase each other	above the television	
downpour . . .	two blackbirds bathing	in cherry blossoms	
last day of school . . .	paper butterflies	unpinned from the board	
heat wave	the dog moves slowly	from shadow to shadow	
daylight fades	my mother asks	the same question twice	
smoke-scented air?	a squirrel burrows	in the woodpile	
fading light??	his voice in the crowd	of shadows	
dark days of winter	another mailbox loses	to the snowplow	
train coming??	all the snowmen	begin to move	
cool morning	at the top of the rise	deer pass in the fog	
turning tide	the buoy bobs	sideways
winter sunlight	we rumpled linen	Those slow hands	
continent's edge??	a mound of jellyfish	the color of twilight	
flowers for his grave	the morning moon	a full circle	
last day of Summer -	before the child running	the flight of pigeons	
good morning aaron	you are quite insensible	you make bad haiku.
december sky?	a jay's voice	shrill blue	
muggy morning??	turning over a beetle	in the corn maze	
summer rain	drops down the lily	leaf by leaf	
Ides of March	her letter to him	pain in his heart	
early mist	feeling in my pocket	for the stone	
indian summer??	we ride around town	just to be riding	
winter night	one ear listening	to the pillow
parade march	the old vet with canes	refuses to ride
empty street	through the cat	tail wind	
rushing to work	seeing frozen new leaves	on the rose bush	
Ash Wednesday	no line	at the halal food cart	
white sand raked smooth?	one persimmon	one dent	
summer's end	he refuses	dialysis
ancient temple?	the guide's voice lost	amid selfie clicks	
midwinter night	between the swells	beyond the surf	
child soldiers--	a young buck takes the moon	on its antlers
stuffed in a bus	the scent of spring	in a woman's musk	
town tree??	amongst the christmas lights	a crow's nest	
bottom rung	devil's paintbrush	rubs at my heels	
sunbeams	the crow's slow side-shuffle	down the wire	
equinox -	the bulbul's song on the edge	between day and night	
september wind	a better view	of compost bins
a careful sip	of chickpea more than coffee	His breakfast brew	
sunset	the shopkeeper burns incense	to drive out mosquitoes	
Saturday night	the sound of weeping	seeps from the wall	
cry of the finch	wrapped in hawk talons?	scattered seeds	
misty rain	a footprint on moss	fades
lights from cities	a passenger's shoulder	touches mine	
a man swept by	in a wave rising, falling	sees us see him drown
lilt in her voice . . .	the moss-agate colors	in a sunlit wave	
buffalo bones	a wind less than a whisper	in the summer grass	
round and	round and round -	the moon	
lily pads	not touching	noon heat	
agate beach	finally finding one	in a gift shop
bus stop	a pregnant woman picks	at flaking paint
Saturday night	talk of the recent snow storms	is a good ice breaker	
sharp air	the patch of blue	changes shape	
first bach	after his death	the silences	
desert wind	the potter's fingerprints	impressed on an ancient urn	
petting farm??	first the children	chase the geese	
too early awake	but this mockingbird	this moon	
dawn by the river-	we breach a wall of sand	the cry of a loon	
House for sale -	in the neglected garden	the first crocuses	
evening fog	the cat comes back	with an appetite	
news of her death	on the night table	the book unsigned	
a hawk's shrill	above the sunlit meadow??	empty mailbox	
the dance of	echoes inside a crypt...	winter chill	
winter drizzle	all the passing faces look	into the cafe	
stroke of midnight	the blast of foghorns	along the coast	
drought's end	she scribbles haiku on the back	of her grocery list	
funeral day	his old umbrella	won?t open	
prostate exam	the doctor and i	trade jabs
christmas?night?	this'sudden?desire?to	look?at?the'sky	
my glissando	past the schoolyard railing?	spring wind	
frosty evening	a seat shadow	in the coin laundry	
while washing spinach	how nice to find	a haiku there	
a red flush	on the amaryllis bud	new year's eve	
it's burning like fire	it's burning inside of me	i can't control it
winter drizzle??	a sprinkling of sea salt	on warm pretzels	
coffee season	singing	from the trees	
a drifting cloud	the line of frog eggs	twitches	
winter depression the colour of rain in the river	
almost home	the full moon between	two houses	
crowded bus	every passenger breathes	the same autumn	
her father's grave -	the little girl leaves a picture	of a dinosaur	
snowmelt	the caw of the crow returns	to the hickory	
no cicadas	no double dutch . . .	park bench peeling	
christmas guests gone,	father sleeps in his wheelchair?	candlelight silence	
dry garden	traces of knife	in butter	
between fiery clouds	and shadowed earth	a string of egrets	
spring rain -	as the doctor speaks	i think of lilacs	
soot-dusted snow	the shadow of my rebuke	on the child's face	
sunlit jar	beekeeper's gift	on the doorstep	
boy's bedroom	a blackbird's nest	found deep in the lilac	
moonlight??	reducing the city	to ruins	
rain turning snow	the doctor begins by describing	treatable conditions	
tiring heat?	the newspaper story continues	on another page	
seeds of bulrushes...	a harrier trails	mist from the marsh	
beach to ourselves	a dusting of snow	on the driftwood	
new year...	a magpie turns over	an old leaf	
as old as I feel	on a gray morning...	autumn equinox	
creak of floorboards	the musty shop smell	of ancient redwoods	
autumn deepens	dusting off an old	bottle of port	
afternoon malaise	slant light	at the oranges bowl	
Museum of Transport	train, tracks and gravel	the morning sun warms up	the smell of creosote	
sudden shower	cursing the umbrella	he left at home	
her hair	brushed with moonlight...	forty years ago	
young soldiers	a field of ripened wheat	bends in autumn wind
light is shining bright	glowing like stars in the sky,	oh my! it is night!
thinking about you?	the remarkable redness	of this tomato	
evening traffic -	caught in a low moon	the heron's flight	
to November	trumpets of death -	five or six	
ripe guava fruit	its sharp scent pierced	by parrots' screeches
one song	answered by another	ocotillo blooms	
deep night sky??	the car radio	between stations	
heavy sleep	after plum alcohol	collected in his garden	
on jolly new   year's day   my last year's bills   drop in   to pay their compliments
October sunset	have to go to the kitchen	window to view it	
in the twilight	burn the moths	lamp	
faces put on	at the family gathering??	watermelon rinds	
spring mist	my granddaughter cries	in my arms	
bright white snow and ice.	biting bone chilling cold wind.	i made hot kale soup.
mars landing?	the crunch of dry leaves	to her doorstep	
mountain rain -	the beetle and i	scurry for cover	
Full moon night -	the shape of the models' breasts	in the shop-window	
almost spring	she tells the whole story	in a single breath	
Easter Sunday	the carefully trimmed beard	of the young priest	
casting stitches	on a circular needle . . .	new year's day	
coming home	to an empty house	so many stars	
harvest moon	walking through	a van gogh
Autumn night	Puddles by the wayside	filling with the stars	
keep an eye open	for food, gas and ten-year-old -	an amber alert!	
outstretched necks?	a pair of tundra swans	running on the lake	
brightening sky	after the eclipse	a skylark's song	
dusk?	the silence after	a pomegranate falls	
stone in my pocket	the brook cuts deeper	into the mountain
pacing myself	to the trot of the dog	an april evening	
one limb at a time?	the falcon calls her fledglings	nearer to flight	
maws fecht ower the bucket	...hameless	he squerrs's shouthers	
painted cliffs	echo the old ways?	coiled snake	
the trainyard at dawn	new graffiti	on an old caboose	
crocus breeze -	my dying mother's words	come back to me	
a friend's house??	shedding loneliness	with my coat	
spanish guitar??	leaf shadows flicker	on the empty floor	
a child's shoe	left on the wooden bridge late spring	
scent of roses??	the healer's hands	grow warmer	
snowdrops surround	an empty snail shell	pale day moon	
sultry afternoon	biting into	the bargain cheddar	
so soft the snow no heroic measures
on the old	flowering quince	a quince	
grey morning	the slow beat of a heron	against the wind	
christmas visit?	the dog just	rolls with it	
checking Dividends	cashpoint on the screen	to and fro... an ant	
ducklings	file across the road	cars scatter	
waiting for the bus	a street dog sniffs	my shadow	
crescent moon	a young mockingbird	with its one song	
summit	a gnat's weight	on my nose	
first snow	an almost	perfect shave	
baby spiders	swarm around a knothole summer drizzle	
cold first   winter rain...   poor monkey,   you too could use   a little woven cape
you didn?t have to	be there at woodstock	tonight's sky	
year's end	the time it takes a contrail	to dissolve	
Indian Summer	ducks make their way	from shade to shade	
hedgerow birds	three boys share a spliff	by the school gate	
in the pans	carved into the rock	floats a cricket	
shrine under the she-oak	buddha's fingers	touch the leaf litter
garden path	the apprentice	puzzles over stones	
morning haze	an exhibitionist keeps	the curtains closed	
falling through	a metal net	city moon	
lily of the valley	she hangs her bathing suit	on a branch	
harvest moon	the circus disassembles	pole by pole	
waning moon?	on her mourning dress,	a white pacifier	
no crop this season??	the deep wrinkles	in his neck	
from Hiroshima	to Sendai...	so much just gone	
frosty morning	an old man boxes	his shadow	
i hug	the boy to me	how brave he was to point and say	this is a pencil	this is a cup
first frost	the last of the roses	have lost their names	
shivering on the roof	i rub my palms together	meteor shower
parkinson's	with care he pencils in	his wife's eyebrows
alpine meadow?	kneeling to photograph	white heather	
summer dust	a caterpillar under	the whale bone arch	
fierce bull . . .	a little bird	on the hump	
summer cabin	the ants	do the dishes	
wind chill minus five	the piercing whistles	of the starlings
evening light	the red dragonfly	as still as the riverstone	
wind in the reeds??	my daughter speaks	about forgiveness	
new butterfly . . .	folded wings	lean into the wind
snow erasing	the garden's features??	teaching my dad to shave	
empty well	the bucket filled	with rainwater	
lightning	the doll's	pale face
first raindrops	the freight train I passed	two states ago	
the rhythmic lift	of her childbearing hips	high tide	
swallow bellies	grazing the water	we drink	
tug horn	a cloud shadow	puts out to sea	
rain-soaked turf	echo of a gull's cry	blurs against the hill	
winter sunrise	slowly	the cockerel finds his voice	
november sun -	leaning on the old stone wall	a shadow tree	
poppy garden . . .	in and out of the flowers	the child's red cap	
emergency broadcast	we head for the storm cellar	with a bottle of wine	
the silence	between us-	filled with sunlight	
leaves waving	summer breezes, autumn gales	good-bye. leaves.
gas station	one worn-out hiking boot	beside the trash can	
august night	the crack of the bat	sends a chill	
the quiet strengths	of a gentle leader??	colors that will not fade	
winter solstice	the street sweeper picks up	a glass half full	
Summer Solstice	an air conditioner drips	on my neck	
bitter wind	the towhee's song	three notes short
gibbous moon	the baby stirs	in her belly	
doing the dishes -	a tiny soap bubble rises	toward heaven	
the overwhelming	responsibility...	day lily	
Sunday blue sky	a kid comes out	of confession	
snowed in?	the sound of my tea bag	steeping	
blackberry stains	on the white sidewalk	his urgent kiss	
unemployed	a pillar of mayflies	swirling in the sun	
closing time	an expensive fingernail	on the mall floor	
bird feeder untouched . . .		alone again
autumn orchard	the oval of a basket	imprinted on the grass	
staring at me	from the bathroom mirror	an age spot	
alight	bend pivot shudder flutter	bye	
spring night	one leg over	the blanket	
meditating	on a rainy day...	new green tea	
on the line	his gray ball	the suburban	
at the hotel	plugging in my laptop	for a touch of home	
daylight savings??	moon spiders stride	across the lagoon	
cruising osprey	how easily she slips	into dusk
an infant asleep	on her mother's lap...	this heat	
sunglassesheadphones  the world beyond	
a black split	down the boulder's center	...end of winter
reflecting	the graffiti landscape	Soho rain	
driving home	full moon	dancing in puddles	
a sunflower field	millions of tiny faces	smiling in daylight	
cresting waves	red feet of a puffin	paddle the air	
the Dow falls -	rose petals	in the wind	
resting	in the wheelbarrow	last year's scarecrow
peeling clapboards	a snow flake settles	on the pink flamingo	
epiphany -	the gift of a dead mouse	at the door	
wolf prints...	the gas lantern	splutters	
afternoon   shower...   walking and talking   in the street:   umbrella and raincoat!
wavering	above the pear juice	chopsticks
Chemin des Dames	fog	erases nothing	
such a little   child   to send to be   a priestling   icy poverty
deadfall pine	the beetle does	a head stand	
warm kitchen	the rise and fall	of friends' laughter	
on the neck	the scent of her hands	drink greedily	
first of summer	the seductive label	of a new wine	
half moon	darkness drinking from an	alabaster teacup	
contract negotiations?	the summer we spent	in?trees	
sudden cries	through the pines	plough of geese	
crystal morning	dried puke	on the car door	
coastal flatland	umbrellas color	a cemetery	
fireworks	i close my eyes	for a second look	
plume of pampas   grass   trembling   in every wind...   hush, my lonely heart
shortest day	her countdown to christmas	quickens	
white chrysanthemum   ...   before that   perfect flower   scissors hesitate
ripening sky	another slow turn	of the cider press	
autumn clouds	a carly simon poster	fades into barnwood	
rain in the distance,	blackout in the large city,	the storm is strong.
just west of dawn	an earful of geese	heading south	
banana leaf	our small talk	in the rain	
garden trail	my comings and goings	have worn a groove	
women planting   rice...   ugly every bit   about them...   but their ancient song
winter wonderland	even the burnt out car	looks beautiful	
new in town	the scent	of unknown flowers
a raven's cry . . .	the fading lines	of the petroglyph	
overcast night	maybe the stars burn brightly	over Gaza	
once again	the scent of lilacs	mother's call to supper	
my neighbor's bicycle	locked to the fence??	drifting plum petals	
the third-note rise	of a towhee's song	fragrant breeze	
which way out	the exterminator points	with his spray tip
bitter cold	the distant train pulls	some of my night with it	
only a chimney	and dust of adobe bricks	yellow roses	
winters end	a bitterness remaining	in the dried apricots
bird bath?	miles of sky	reflected	
tailgating trucker	is that load bound for K-Mart	worth more than my life?	
almost dawn	... a young girl	gathering eggs	
stillness	in the lava bed?	a hawk's shadow	
plane ticket to france	like a "fuck thou" ode to you	if i had the balls	
Back to School	still a bit high tide	near dunes	
morning lights	an egret cluttering	yesterday's foot prints	
slowly	advance beetle	June storm	
midsummer	a speedboat slices	the lake in half	
endlessly becoming,	clouds
an ocean	between us	ripe mulberries again
after the game	full moon	between the goal posts	
frosted furrows	an old mare's whinny	silvers the air	
yule carols	droont oot:	ferris wheelers' skirls	
picking cotton	the memory	of birdtracks in the snow
In front of bronze doors	They huddle Against the Cold	the newly homeless	
heartsick . . .	the floxgloves of my childhood	out of reach	
the lagoon egret sound of clothes	washed on stones	
the paraplegic's gaze	climbing bare branches	with the jay	
sunflower	the day passing	slowly	
Winter moon -	the sudden memory	lilac perfume	
sweet breeze	the quince tree flutters	with red parrots	
smell of rain -	soft ridges of mint leaves	oil my fingers	
new wine evening	the wind blows stronger	return	
some in, some out	of the ebbing tide...	the morning oystercatchers
grandma's album	over the pressed sunflower	a small hand hovers
one white lily	in the koi pond??	mother's day	
another winter?	the welcome mat	worn thin	
so suddenly winter	the colors	in her pill box	
fall migration	custom combiners harvest	their way north	
deep current . . .	his long pause	before the lie	
hard frost	wrapping myself up against	the breakfast news	
quiet hillside	children climb one another	into the trees	
temperature rising?	the basset hound stretches	another inch	
a koi rises	to meet a falling leaf -	autumn afternoon	
crowded train	a clash	of perfumes	
remembering to let them	speak first	cosmos in the rain	
stifled laugh:	a november wasp	rousing itself
winter morning	two butterflies	warm the garden	
a child's laughter	the touch	of a touch-me-not	
moonlight	the stream flows from shadow	to shadow
white sky	a cloud of blackbirds	erupts from an oak	
knowing your cough	but not your face	invalid neighbor
white birches	fog drifts past	the stone cairn	
turn of the century	meditation mat	unrolled as usual	
approaching winter	I leave the seashell	at the bottom of my purse	
early summer	the children's list	of what they?ll bring	
the petals still creased	on a fresh primrose . . .	moving day	
red circle	around the japanese maple	autumn evening	
dust on the antlers	over the mantel??	the logs shift	
distant thunder	a shower of pollen	falls from the trees	
i stop looking	for the sunrise??	first sip of tea	
trail of leaves	the child's plastic rake	missing teeth	
describe   plum-blossoms?   better than my   verses ... white   wordless butterflies
wind gust??	my children's breath	while they sleep	
evening snowstorm . . .	a tinful	of unsharpened pencils	
call of the red deer stag...	mist gathers	under the great bear	
noise of the vacuum cleaner -	the sun hides	behind a cloud	
last goodbye?	scent of his wool coat	deeper into my nose	
office windowsill	a geranium petal	drops into a file	
not getting the whole story?	this ladybug	on my page	
passing train	strobe light of the setting sun	on the hedges	
boarded window	of the tarot reader	autumn evening	
bamboo bending	in the wind??	i bargain for mangos	
i know many words	but i may not speak them here	at grandfather's grave
starlight?where?they?fell'soft?bodies?of?bogong?moths	
we are all hobos	some of us live in boxcars	some of us do not
in sycamore shade	the buzzing summer	a moment still	
sudden storm	the geese overhead	fade into snowflakes	
fish scales	on the serrated knife	catching sunset	
inching up	on the rainwashed eucalyptus	rising moon	
smoker's lounge	everyone leaves behind	a bit of ash
a rainbow	horizon to horizon	the curved wings of gulls	
the edge of her panties	on his nice little buttocks	berthed	
moonlight	on the rocky side	of an oyster shell	
no moon	the hiss of the ocean	against the cliff	
night sky	our long look at	the past	
february 15th	a broken heart	in the cookie box	
a surfer's sea	my footprints deep	in the sand	
incoming tide	the lullabies my mother	learned from her mother	
distant hawk	a gust of cherry petals	crosses the lawn	
imagine	a field of dandelion fluffs	before the wind	
january dawn	i scatter rock salt	from where i?ve landed	
winter seclusion	we cover the fridge	with children's drawings	
days shortening??	his childhood sketches	of dinosaurs	
forested ravine	just enough light let through	to gild a ripple	
summer rain	the smell of earth	in the air	
a penny for my thoughts?	the fireflies	of last summer	
frost on the windows	the crescent moon's	sharp points	
empty street	the For Sale sign	overgrown with weeds	
year's end	the bartender	blocks my reflection	
tai chi class breathing deeply	downwind of the narcissus	
heat lightning	the shuttle snaps	across the warp	
lit caunles	tears as they mouten -	Nagasaki day	
summer heat	brooding in the dark	bantam hen
cherry petals	flying higher and higher -	storm in my valley	
purple magnolias	lingering	twilight	
spring morning	i wake	the butterfly	
charred goat bones	They say without conviction	Somali nightmares	
from an open barn	the odor of hay and manure	and climbing roses	
open windows	i switch off a concerto	to hear the trees	
she hides,	i seek . . .	fireflies	
full moon night...	starting the camp fire	with a page of fashion magazine	
a'squiggle?of'skinks?up?the?wall'sunrise	
ears over eyes,	the pigs stretch out	in the evening sun	
searching willow wands	for the purple phoebe	my water bottle flutes	
dusky lake	fishermen's voices	sink into darkness	
New Years	the girl has three suns	in the sky	
girl in Sunday dress	in her father's shadow	lost too soon	
unemployed	but I'm writing haiku	about the rain	
deserted house	It looks out the window	full moon	
flute song	across baked terraces	the clear air stippled	
new neighbors	dandelion seeds	flying over my fence	
school library	such quiet	books
fallen leaves??	my old dog	finds his way	
behind bars	the sun's glow	in butterfly wings	
spring equinox	the clack	of marbles
spring petals	leaving it to the breeze	to brush them off the page
waiting room	a fly climbs the stairs	on an escher print
polished oak	the freesia's shadow ends	in coffee foam	
shooting star	my wish for	an unhurried life	
hint of frost	the spruce tipped	with jupiter	
new year's eve	an invitation	to be japanese	
white sail...	whiter still,	under my shading hand
sunshine on the canal	an old nun stops	to empty her shoes	
wind in the park	picnic plates frisbee	to other blankets
buttercup meadow	a blackbird rises	at the twig's snap	
the ocean's roar	on the forest hike	my second-wind	
at the end of the day	the shade of the oak cross	the village street	
apple blossom pink	opening unto the world	peaceful is the view
my finger draws	a furrow in the loam??	unlabeled seeds	
blazing heat	a homeless woman	wishes me a good day	
one by one	the fog releases	streetlights	
office aquarium	the fish and i	in different boxes	
festival of lights??	the old dog	begging biscuits	
sun shower . . .	the surveillance camera	fixed on a puddle	
sunset	the fisherman's silhouette	edged with light	
fog comes on little cat feet.	it sits looking over harbor	on silent haunches.
snow moon??	our angels	somewhere underneath	
rest stop??	sparrows pick the insects	from a semi's grill	
roar of snowmelt	beneath the footbridge first dogwood blossom	
maple in full flame	Becoming at last	myself	
we need to end school.	it has gone on for so long.	it is summer time.
along the roadside	dixie cups	of summer wind . . .	
sunshine	through the river's haze	white butterflies	
outside the guggenheim	the shapes	of real trees	
the old calendar	enclosed in a red circle	my birth	
her round ass	amount escalator	half Moon	
squash blossoms	i teach my son	to count	
Last night of Summer	the bright full moon of last night	hidden by a cloud	
morning mist	the squirrel	swaps poplars	
road flares...	against the bent guardrail	an unknown flower
vernal equinox??	storks again	in the old nest	
anzio beach 	another wave gathers	and breaks
mirror-	she sees her flaws	in his eyes	
first frost	the squirrel plants acorns	where we buried the cat	
two attempts	at the trouser leg	new year's day	
winter beach	the glint of white	in the raven's eye	
after the northe wind	broken in the same drama	lie people and tree
wilderness trail	the manicured poodle	still on a leash	
funeral procession	the stillness of cotton blossoms	in sunlight	
dead end	a few leaves circle	in the headlights
turning the corner??	a breath of laundry	and lilacs	
spring day	the cord zings back	into the vacuum	
starry Night	happiness can	pissing in the moonlight	
Winter storm -	my office chair	creaks a bit	
harsh sun	a child watches fishermen	club eels	
at the lawn concert	lighting one spot at a time-	fireflies	
left behind	his scent of aftershave	on my cheek	
farewell embrace	a faint essence	of mothballs	
winter barnyard	cows in the sunlight	sheep in the shade	
homework	after the school bus passes	a spider rebuilds	
watching seagulls	search the market remains	imagine the sea	
mass marketing,	subliminal messages,	what has the media come to,
house cleaning	the forest fire	at dawn	
conversation	above the kitchen clatter	summer evening	
april snow	wish i knew more	about grandpa	
family reunion	an assortment of onions	in the stew	
my synagogue route?	from a draped moslem woman	grandma's scent	
spring dawn	one at a time	the newborn's eyes open	
root cellar	white sprouts reach for	the slit of light	
moon at the window . . .	i cut another eye	from the potato	
icy moon -	the sudden memory	lilac perfume	
mark smith
An ocean breeze	flips through empty pages	haijin's notebook	
bust out pda...	what do i see on the screen?	broken lcd!
chrysanthemum moon	the way	you open me	
blue-eyed grass	she asks	if i love her	
damp spring evening;	body smells	of the home-coming dog	
the longest day	he stills the mower	at twilight	
moonless night??	our neighbor's telephone	rings and rings	
home sick	just the sound	of icicles dripping	
late frost -	stone frog	lost a toe	
valentine's day	eiders displaying	just offshore	
upscale condo	a red fox drinks	from the swimming pool	
summer afternoon	the scent of evergreens	slowly spreading	
Another day of rain	her tears fall also	which is which	
almost dusk	an extension cord dangles	in falling snow	
sock?puppets	my'son?replays	last?night's?argument	
the school bell rings...	the wings of a butterfly tremble	on the pin
twilight shadows	pruned from the honey locust?	cold wind	
the slide gently	in the flesh of the mango	sunset	
highway work??	a marmot whistles	at the crew	
the soldier looks	back over his shoulder	autumn grass	
night heron	rising from its nest of sticks	the wind	
summer's end the falling ashes	from a distant wildfire	
an old woman's garden?	jasmine spills over	the stone fountain	
black ice??	the crossing guard's sneeze	goes unblessed	
dry haystack	flames climb higher	against the night sky	
a white horse	drinks from the acequia	blossoming locust
Zen garden	steles emerge from the sand	another dead soldier	
raindrops	my sister's voice	from half a continent	away	
endless rain	in my mother's kitchen	the snap, snapping of beans
dusk-	an unfinished sweater	on the rocking chair	
first blossoms	the heron's nest	out on a limb	
bedridden -	between the pages of his book	a golden butterfly	
last night of summer	the old cat and i	go out with the stars	
first star??	a tiny crab climbs out	of the sand castle	
in the winnock	an attercap's wab	...he hauds up her lung x-ray	
fringed white lake	February 1	to Metz	
icebleak	no colour but the rail bridge	graffiti	
the house empty	the rain has erased	all imprints	
circle time	she describes her mother	finding a vein	
short night...	thoughts of you and	a paper thin moon	
late summer clouds	a light breeze rustles	white hydrangea	
boarded-up drugstore??	grass lengthens	between concrete cracks	
taking down	the lost cat flyers	first frost	
thorn-tree fence	even shadows seldom	come inside	
facing mirrors	long-skirted woman	and her amish child
urban geese -	voices extemporise	around a sitar	
a baby fly	has not found yet	the kitchenSpring	
a mountain,	the stone buddha...	and cold food	
first hot day	removing a kiwi	from its jacket
family christmas -	sharpening	all the knives	
lakeside drive	one more time around	the radio dial	
stacking stones	for a garden wall	the weight of their age
river reverie	cottonwood leaves shimmer	in the autumn breeze	
for the fragrance	brushing tomato leaves	warm august sun	
after warm rain...	by the river the scent	of garlic  earth	
yellow raincoats?	farm workers picking	the last of the peppers	
drizzling rain	my reflection	in the hearse	
hail melt	a lizard skin shimmers	on the broken wall	
remembering	the costa rican sun	clink of ice cubes	
apple-picking day	the faded pattern	of grandma's blouse	
dawn . . .	between branches the night	fades into sky	
silent friends meeting . . .	the sound of chairs being moved	to enlarge the circle	
February rain -	the word 'spring'	on the Scrabble board	
oh! i ate them   all   and oh! what a   stomach-ache...   green stolen apples
chess in the park . . .	an acorn	topples a king	
fireflies	my son writes his name	with a sparkler	
birch bark	unraveling in the wind	spring break	
ebb tide-	they suddenly have	cold feet	
dawn light?	the bare shadow of a tree	flickers on the wall	
mouth of the river	i dream with my cousin	boat to boat
desert landscape	rain will come and the water...	remembers each path	
white lilies	in a stoneware vase??	she speaks of her mother	
blue moon	I wonder where my children	are tonight?	
warm winds	the kite's string	almost straight	
Fat Tuesday	an ice cream truck	parks on melting snow	
autumn mist...	what is she doing now	my mother?	
waiting	for my illness to end	November rain	seeps slowly, slowly	into the ground	
my hand	on her hip	full moon	
may sun	i?m the one	the puppy comes to	
winter aquarium??	maybe i should have stayed	in my home town	
squirrel bones	between tree roots?	needles falling	
goodbye hug	the blue of the	forget me nots	
Winter sunset	the whistle of a	Florida bound train	
day moon	wind sculpts ripples	on the dunes	
under snow	the same earth	waiting waiting	
November dusk	do the streetlights know	how early it is?	
miya suzushi	baba wa kami o	katari-ori	
me and my best friend	smoke rollies behind garage	think our moms won't know	
circling her grave	a bitter wind	shifts the family	
noon	sunflowers sway	with goldfinches	
mole crabs	in the palms of my hands	the retreating surf	
after the rain	the nearly full moon	lose color	
waiting . . .	a leaf falls	into my lap	
childhood home	the pussy willow	just as it is	
mother's day	the clown paints sequined kisses	on her cheek	
naming the boulders	my grandson asks	about divorce
meeting her boyfriend	our handshake	out of synch
first snow -	bird graffiti	the threshold of the day	
Toussaint	the family circle widens	under the marble	
autumn cleaning -	a desk drawer	full of dry pens	
may day?	bees collecting nectar	from wilted azaleas	
midnight	the changing wind	in the silver maples	
I light on again	the candle on her grave	extuinguished by wind	
new grave	a sparrow tugs	at a ribbon	
bitterly cold	a box of old love letters	hidden in the attic	
dog days	driving to the lake	to watch the icebergs drift	
bad news from home	the cold morning	colder still	
death-song:   leaf alone, fluttering   alas, leaf alone,   fluttering ...   floating down the wind
Military Cemetery -	wind frayed flags	and pink cherry	
lolololololol lolol lolol	sdfgdfojgdsnjfhbfgnb	gbdfghfghbfghb
acorn rain...	cloud of wings beating	the first day of school
rainy day	I bet the barmaid	I can guess her age	
conversion	the sun	falls between goalposts
thundercloud	blue veins down to the heart	of the gentian	
at the crossroads	no wind to give	a direction	
christmas lights	the silhouette of trees	in the dark	
popping gum	the vacant look	in her eyes	
sun shower??	children hopscotch	in pavement steam	
rainy day	my mother singing	an old love song	
My Ford Explorer	on a never-ending quest	for a parking spot	
the day cracks laughter,	in fragmented finite time	and shifting moments.
left soaking	in dishwater	the long night moon	
atop peak all down	within valley all are up	hillside path variety
her?golden?retriever	licks	the?rapist	
after the storm	the streets	have no names	
drunk on the porch	false home	the turnkey	
winter stars	the fishing holes	left behind	
coffee brewing	the swish, swish, swish of tires	through autumn drizzle	
making a u-turn	clear in the rear view mirror	autumn afternoon	
after the storm	the blue	blue lobelia	
christmas eve?	the monk's frosted window	kindles a star	
a bird sings	on my clothes line??	i can wait	
mild december??	walking acorns	into the earth	
traffic jam -	Moon passes through	the Earth's shadow	
suddenly	twenty years later	you taste the same
Hot air balloons rise	over the Loire	then the full moon	
a sunny day	pink haze of the cherry blossoms	over the hill	
first night of fall . . .	most of the moon	spills through the leaves	
late night walk	swollen in spring mist	the lights from the bridge	
turn off the lights -	the night outside	and inside the room	
spring rain??	my stone's circle	lost in the pond	
train delay??	all the ripe blackberries	beyond reach	
new love . . .	the ripples of a braid	undone	
stillness	one cicada	across the lake
snowlit night	the bedroom window	whistles a tune	
passing headlights	snow gathers on	the horse's back	
shade for the longest day of the year	?????	clouds we?ll never feel again	
passing cars	replace sheep	this sleepless night	
In a vase	twelve blue irises	late winter storm	
spring fever	my pockets full	of old grocery lists	
greedy man,	steal steal steal,	mad with power,
short night -	not for Marché Intérieur	and mosquito	
a silver scimitar	new moon slices	night blue sky	
autumn visit -	over war news we talk	of babies...	
so many memories	gliding pelicans	rearrange themselves	
sudden gust?	the book opens to a poem	i like even better	
clipping tags	from luggage . . .	summer's end	
morning in the french quarter	caf au lait &	beignets with sparrows
mirror-pond of   stars ...   suddenly a summer   shower   dimples the water
Summer hot day	the sound of some one	playing the flute	
full moon??	playing 'statues?	among the fireflies	
slow night	the flycatcher sizzles	over the door	
a wren at sunrise	it seems too early	to write of death	
the next door	gapes a moment	- Time for chat	
her lips	beckoning mine	highway billboard	
summer is so fun	summer you can laugh and play	summer is the best
dark so soon	the evening after	i killed the mouse	
autumn downpour	a tow truck pulling	another	
rash tom-cat   lover...   careless even   of that rice   stuck in your whiskers
summer afternoon??	the saxophone busker	takes a drag	
november rain . . .	embracing the weight	of my sister's urn	
full moon	the shadow of her breasts	lands on me	
evening warmth??	latchkey kids play rummy	in the doorway	
wood smoke	draped in the treetops	all souls? day	
funeral procession . . .	snowflakes blowing	into the headlights
the hounds	at the end of their tethers	hunters' moon	
the therapist says nothing	I haven't told myself -	rainless clouds	
frost on morning glass	winter's gentle face, voices	whisper through windows	
trickling pool . . .	a snapper's stillness	among the stones	
UNCOS: weir! weir! -	ootby	a bleckie brustin wi sang	
coin in the mud	sinking deeper??	heads and tails	
along the pavement	snatches of the same song	from different radios	
billowing clouds	the mill's overshot wheel	dark with moss	
no hesitation	after the storm	cicadas	
glinting on	a retirement card	autumn rain	
kindergarteners	cracking peanuts with	a rocking chair	
not as funny	as it sounds	dead duck	
conversation over	i touch a petal . . .	real blossoms	
brush fire??	the sun goes down	in flames	
divorced	she cleans the ring	around the tub
first white butterfly	my cabbages	not yet planted	
feeding the pigeons	on christmas morning?	the can collector's red socks	
Grey today	the waves rush	memories	
american dream	in each shop window	a different moon
river rocks	turtles sunning	in tiers	
last battle of a long war,	the one that decides it all,	the thrill of the fight,
the big dipper	my dog keeps searching	for the right spot	
watching, i   wonder   what poet could put   down his quill...   a pluperfect moon!
open windows -	all the contrails	feathering	
chimney smoke	moonlight changing directions	with the wind
a stream begins	in the middle of the trail	thrush beyond thrush	
geese	that stay??	winter rain	
rocking chairs	chained to the porch	leaves in the wind	
summit cairn	a raven's call	lost to the wind	
spring afternoon	the leaf shadow spreads	on the pond	
heatwave??	nuns take turns	at the drinking fountain	
maple shade??	young girls follow their recipe	for mud pies	
border town	its shadows creep beneath	the barbed wire fence	
aspen plumes	shower sacagawea's statue??	midday silence	
wood flute music	through an open window	the crow's rasp	
a stone well	thick moss muffles	the bucket's clank	
see ... the   heavy leaf   on the silent   windless day ...   falls of its own will
lone pine	on a windswept cliff	leans to the sea -	i am drawn	to your beckoning	
the tinkling	of recycled glass	spring drizzle	
half sun	a ewe rests her chin	on her dozing lamb	
the youngest	so far from home	evening star
kindergarten drama	the leafy sea dragon	sheds her sleeves	
plastic bags	shine in the sun	osprey's nest	
winter darkness -	Train runs last	into the tunnel	
smell of newsprint	twenty beauty queens	with one smile	
unborn child	a veined sea pebble	in her hand	
classroom -	the ass from the stall	look through the window	
harvest time . . .	the doubts that leave	the doubts that remain	
crowded lift	no raising	of eyes	
poplar seeds . . .	all my dreams	coming true	
the bus is late . . .	across the twilight river	the wheeling starlings	
dead cat...	open-mouthed	to the pouring rain	
one hundred views	of the sunrise -	appartment block	
in my half-sleep	the rooster	for the third time	
two steers	rub their heads together	morning chill	
love letters -	i rake the embers	of the fire	
drifting jet trails	half a haiku searches	for enlightenment	
snow melts by the hardware counter	the squares of color	in the paint catalog
river narrows	the pitched call	of an osprey	
my daily bread	on the empty table...	spring equinox	
a garbage can	in the middle of the street	deepening autumn	
turning leaves	he flips a penny	into the sun	
spring morning	the children's game	of being quiet	
childhood home . . .	my climbing tree's	phantom limbs	
near the mountain top??	the wind doesn't stay	on the path	
examinations...	blank sheets as students	observe the falling leaves	
suddenly they all look like green bullfrogs!
patches of sky?	the ship's waves sink	into the ocean	
a bee chose	the rose i meant to pluck...	empty vase
morning tea?	from the parakeet's cage	a toy bell tinkles	
daylight savings	the coal train	seems longer	
cold morning	a cockroach warms up	under my coffee cup	
lighthouse	above the sound	silence	
winter night	the chill of moonlight	on my skin	
thunderclap	the cadence of the rain	changes	
spring evening -	a boy hums the tune I heard	half a mile ago	
Like Custer's bugler,	you sound the charge. Remember	the Little Big Horn.	
blowing leaves	tempt the old cat,	but not enough
rearview mirror??	yellowing leaves	and my gray hair	
take the round   flat moon   snap this twig   for handle...   what a pretty fan!
about the tree	over my small son's grave	tell me
two crows working	the twilight crosswinds?	my pregnant wife	
crows bicker	in the morning light??	our twisted sheets	
leftover summer grass	... horses browse	through crusted snow	
dawn?	shades of grey break	into birdsong	
flat moon...	an aspirine tablet and a	glass of water	
my sweaty skin	enough for three weeks	his ironed shirts	
making bean soup for	my old mother and humming	the songs she once hummed
look at the   candle!   what a hungry wind   it is...   hunting in the snow!
sound of her voice	carrying eggs	across the ice
ocean fog . . .	hunched on the white road sign	a small white heron	
Autumn Terrace -	a broom around	Ladybug	
august heat?	cracked dirt in the shape	of a puddle	
moonlessness	so many ways	I want to touch you	
old timers' game	seventh inning stretch	the creaking of knees
this downpour	of plum rain . . .	i polish the silverware	
garden wedding	under the cherry blossoms	the bride's blush deepens	
seed catalogs??	garden plans grow around	a toad house	
school fair	on the fireman's helmet	a faint smell of smoke	
still water	the crayfish slips under	the sky	
grandpa's desk	i sharpen a pencil stub	just for the sound	
between 2 sardines	she speaks	his pilgrimage	
last August morning	an old man at his door	look at his watch	
summer opera??	her fan stops fluttering	during the main aria	
for   morning-glories   i can foresee grave   danger...   single-stick practice
school dismissed	the cemetery shortcut	comes alive	
a spider's web	across the windharp	the silence
full moon	so bright and round	the station clock	
almost spring	the untouched mousetraps	in the attic	
a harrier, low	over the silver-blues	of the evening marshes	
TROKE DAY -	an airlie bang up	fir the hameless chiel	
first night alone finally the moon	reaches the western windows	
midsummer sea	silver ripples	from an otter's back	
deep in my own thoughts,	girl blocks my way off the bus.	bump! out of my way.
cicada at noon	on the mountain trail	'summer's end	
condo skeleton	the hunter's moon moves	to the penthouse floor	
new year bon fire	
storm clouds	the cry of a shearwater	circles the sky
morning mist	a workman whistles	no particular tune
at the pow-wow	they pass out ordinary saltines	for the ceremony
home from vacation . . .	houseflies find	the open door	
ochre moon	the road-train's light	in the kangaroo's eyes	
sudden downpour -	crying and then laughter teen	Employment quest	
fog . . .	just the tree and i	at the bus stop	
surprise sneeze	the dandelion blows away	without a wish	
winter's end	a smell of curry	in the old people's home	
flowering clover	slows my mowing	bee after bee	
deep winter	the old dog's shadow	lagging behind	
a sleepless hour	first the geese	then the train	
calm sea?	a huge tree trunk	washed up on the shore	
Madison square Park	I watch the moon	through an American Elm	
soba noodles...	the new year	slips in
waiting for dawn	I put milk	in my coffee	
sweat pours down my face.	fifty hours and counting.	still more work to do...
passing thunderclouds?	a waterstrider's rush	to stay in place	
my delighted dog	gives me the grand tour amid	the rain-soaked blossoms
new snow	the arc	the door makes
job listings	morning glories open	by the bay	
partner after the argument only the snapping of pole beans	
breakfast still rumbles	but no guns are --other Heard	Armistice morning.	
hallowe?en	a sky full of waxwings	flock to the rowan	
heat lightning	a beggar outside starbucks	shakes his cup at me	
after the rain	each leaf has caught	a bit of sky
receding waters	the sea unseals	a thousand puddles	
no moisture	mother earths skin	has cracked	
fridge magnet -	snack after snack	wasting away	
another leaf drifts	from the landmark oak	wren song	
lights out	. . . the firefly	inside
hilltop	the clouds	rising to my feet	
Black Friday	so many turkeys	at the sales	
Ash Wednesday	a girl in a red sweater	through the Grand	
ashes of roses??	what once was our secret	now just mine	
haloed moon	the hawker twirls	his glow bracelets	
a new year	Garden in the snow	still intact	
Natural rhythms	moons and tides supplanted by	yellow red and green	
night walk	I slow down	near the jasmine bush	
Those stars.	No more fish	in the bay.	
childhood home	someone else's mother	on the mantelpiece	
my bare feet	among heron tracks	ebb tide	
as girls we watched	heat lightning across the bay??	only now the thunder	
raw winds	the tilt	of my flamingo	
the family gathered	a tear of embalming fluid runs	from my brothers eye
rain forecast	spittlebugs at the nodes	in meadow grass	
autumn melancholy??	the guitar in the corner	awaits my friends	
spring cleaning??	my daughter finds the key	to the music box	
sent outside	while the old women talk:	scent of sweetpeas	
tobacco harvest??	the first drops of rain	on a tin-roofed shack	
early March	on the dog's carcass	the first flies	
relentless sun	my lips meet cool the arc	flowing from the hose	
Late Winter	the yellow roses still  out	soft feel of snow	
on the hill	ruins of a castle	and apple trees in blossom	
just married	the attendant	pumping too much gas
c-section . . .	a lark hatchling beaks	the full moon	
beach cabanas	flapping in the breeze	the sound of idle chatter	
moon cut	each month your breasts	reconstructed	
next to the sunflowers	pumpkins are	on sale	
winter light . . .	his war medals	in a shadow box	
half-mast	september sunshine streams	through green maple leaves	
crow caws	a flow of sap	from the maple trees	
broken pavement . . .	she shows me	the blackberry patch	
slow moving clouds	we plan our future	grandchildren	
blue sky	her windows are all	fogged up	
high clouds	the crane worker lowers	himself	
navy housing	she plants her garden	in pots	
dusklight	i read her poem	differently
freezing cold	the crow leaves	with a caw	
doctor's rounds	a frantic search	for her good teeth	
a boy and his dad	playing catch out back...	long shadows	
autumn evening	the clink of carnival rings	on empty bottles	
early spring	a feather blows in	the cat door
rail track	amidst the corn fields	bisected infinity	
autumn bonfire –	all my summer dreams	scatter with the smoke	
livestock auction	no one bids	for the sparrows	
cold night-	a plane blinks through	Orion's bow	
only a ladybird	on a leaf in the sun-	the gardian's park
cracks in cement??	pre-packaged soil	for wildflower seeds	
bamboo flute	the scent	of green tea	
between roots and branches	centuries	and a child's swing	
spring cleaning??	i never cared for the scent	of her letters	
first pussy willows	the sound of a woodpecker	shifts again	
emptying the trap . . .	a pumpkin seed between	the mouse's teeth	
dogwoods near the stream	a blossom	in our jelly jar	
mild weather	their argument continues	outside	
cold clear night?	after the candle flickers out	blue moonlight	
hunted by the cat	with unparalleled vigor:	tiny little ant!
barely half	the right moon	clear November sky	
lonely mountain	gazing below	at fertile valleys
family dinner	so many forms	of silence	
squirrel chatter	in the woodshed	a cache of cones	
something to it	about taking your time	ripe peaches	
after the bell	just the rain on the umbrellas	ashes to ashes	
one rock for my garden?	a thousand ants	rescuing eggs	
appointment calendar	a coffee ring joins	one day to the next	
fallen sycamore??	the chess players move	to another tree	
she's leaving home	a pair of shoes	that no longer fit	
turkey shoot	young boys slip through	clumps of men	
autumn equinox	making a new arrangement	out of the old	
my cough	scatters the waxwings	new year's day	
autumn walk??	our cat greets us	at a neighbour's house	
the silence	after late night snow . . .	a pinecone falls	
from left to right	from right to left	the mat of jogger	
glare ice	the old dog	pees on the moon	
cool summer night?	a full moon	frames the bird feeder	
winter rain	tied to the gate	a yellow balloon	
vesper bells	calling asylum inmates?	hazy moon	
death-song:   i have known lovers...   cherry-bloom ...   the nightingale ...   i will sleep content
the dumproad pond	tadpoles exit	a birdhouse
headwind	the heron sideslips	into the reeds	
stars appear a flower vendor	stringing jasmine	
cold morning	the bus has no heat	she knits a sweater	
a thousand lonely writers	- the bookstore is empty	
a clump of soil	shaped by his grip??	late winter sun	
the year's first turtle	slowing . . .	still slowing	
a bubble	bursts on surface	full moon	
The sunrise	fresh salmon on ice	so very pink	
overcast day	the lamp posts	filled with snow	
morning glory	gently the postman	opens the gate	
g	l     i  n	r	a	t	s		g          s	i          it	w	t	a
the potter's fingers	wet with clay	first rain	
in the city   fields   contemplating   cherry-trees ...   strangers are like friends
24 hour store -	jacaranda flowers fall	day  night	
high tide in the slough	two little boys pole	into a foreign land	
cold sunshine -	the icicles refuse	to melt	
constant drizzle	bride-to-be oscillating	between yes and no	
after the hurricane	most of the moon	. . . gone	
notice of your death...	thinking of the many laughs	we had together
alone tonight	one drop after another	somewhere	
winter pine	eight needles	fill the moon	
wind-borne seed . . .	i have	no doubt	
lightning	the blue afterimage	of your white hands	
autumn rain	buttoning the thirty-six	pearls on her gown	
morning light . . .	the curtain edges	darken	
Right, left	The flash of the float plane's light	Rain on the forest	
first frost	radish seeds rinsed	for the sprout jar	
spring clarity	the local pub reveals	its old name	
a frayed rope	hanging from a tree limb	midday heat	
father's?dementia	the?path?that?rain?makes	through?a?cloud	
deep winter	a stray dog sniffs	an empty coffee cup	
evening lull	a seaside cave exhaling	butterflies
the stone bullfrog	under the bird feeder	just sits	
table tennis	father and daughter	both win	
they pronounced me dead	even though i dance and sing.	i am poetry.
cool morning??	dumped coffee grounds	steam beside violets	
fallen bread knife	the waiter picks up	a slice of sky
old barn	the scent of jerseys	and bailer twine	
among the gravestones	with names worn away	children play hide 'n seek
A lull in the storm	the woodpecker darts	to another tree.	
predawn rain . . .	the dog's tail whapping	as we doze	
now in late   autumn   look, on my old   rubbish-heap ...   blue morning-glory
in a pile of rubble	faint peeps are Heard	Rats, of course	
new year's eve??	she teaches me	how to breathe	
starry night	a million words	unspoken	
teenage daughter -	beyond the policeman at the door	the street light	
open window	the moon's reflection	in the toilet bowl	
quiet afternoon	in the meadow, one daisy	leans on another
an ambulance	fades with the distance . . .	sometimes . . .	
amish joke	old-style string-base bed	only for unwanted guests	
prairie stream??	what i know about mountains	in these small stones	
convalescing...	the window takes 2 hours	to cross the carpet
the storm's rain	rising as mist . . .	wings of a barn owl	
moon and mist	night settles into silence	and white breath	
winter rain	the confusion in her voice	all over again	
smells of spring	adrift in the morning air	bubbles under ice	
sand fishing	the long shadow	attached to his heels	
grey-yellow dawn	a dove's urgent cooing	and the rain	
no night clouds??	just the numbing news	of her crossing over	
last sunbeam	on the mossy boulder?	crickets chirping	
sundown??	the sound as he scrapes	mud from his boots	
winter stars?	shaking rust down from	the old swing set	
deepening	deepening into the sea	twilight sky	
full summer	yellow leaves among the green	in the laurel	
alabaster moon	glowing among bare pine tops	in cool mountain mist	
the day cracks laughter	in fragmented finite time,	our shifting moments.
just one more page	before i sleep . . .	endless rain	
a gentle breeze ripples	everywhere his words	leaves on grass	
how to tell	of the myriad rich browns?	pin-oak leaves	
in memory of Quentin Crisp:	
inhaling spring -	her new breast	two months old	
winter solstice?	moving the scale	to a lighter place	
what a gorgeous   one   that fat sleek huge   old chestnut   i could not get at ...
stonehenge??	the druid arrives	in his psychedelic car	
button vest	Little noise on the asphalt	Moon so close	
sea-scuffed cave	the peregrine's cries	lost to the firth	
mixed rain and sleet	the hothouse rose drops	another petal	
Ash Wednesday	light rain	from the cloud-smudged sky	
this heat;	the dog's tail	the only breeze
a load of salt hay??	tucking in the roses	for the long sleep	
a milky sea	mass of logs sit and rest	as an eagle soars	
morning prayers -	the graves of the ancestors	in deep silence	
mountain cave	from out of darkness	the morning light	
sunrise??	goldenrod	in the first frost	
frozen lake	a crack, cleaving silence	to silence
equinox	splitting	the last of the wine	
winter morning	the closet dark with	old shoes
Daylight Saving Time starts	the cat still awakes	when it's hungry	
crashing waves-	my thoughts move	with the tide	
Tropical storm warning	Wet sand in our kisses	The opening sky	
deep winter	igniting the match	with a lit candle	
the wind that once	lifted your hair	here again today	
rue Saint Honoré	tumbled from nowhere	ginkgo leaf	
morning mist	she takes off her eyeglasses	to see me better	
opaque windows	barring the dawn	of the new year	
carter polishing hooves	crouches out	of camera shot	
night winds	rake the pond leaves??	wobbly moon	
the polished surface?	a white heron hesitates	to put its foot down	
The shadow	his chin piercing	twelve o'clock mark	
cold spell	the man at the ballot box	reading nietzsche	
arriving home	on census night	so many stars
caravaggios	a passing cloud darkens	the skylit room
a twilight sun	between two peaks -	white lilacs	
Tonight on my deck	setting sun the longest time	bring memories back	
after the argument	the storm clouds also	break up	
squabbling	a flock of lorikeets	louder than the neighbours
walking home barefoot,	we enter the shadow	of the hill
long sermon	snow gathers	on the windowsill	
a greengrocer	lays out her bok choy	scales of the dragon	
moon in the pines	i lather what's left	of the soap	
Armistice Day	I buy	more Euros	
prison vigil	cold gusts keep blowing out	the candles	
idle afternoon . . .	the deepening hole beneath	the woodpecker's beak	
Post Office	stamped on the sidewalk	pink blossoms	
busy italian restaurant	happy birthday	sung to the wrong table
veranda railing	a magpie stares down	the dog	
starless night	I can't believe	the weekend is over	
subway graffiti	about someone's mother??	hunger moon	
so many ways	to see the world	snake in the grass	
first steps	the scent of earth	clings to her shoes	
christmas eve	swaddled in the busker's case	a fiddle
far from home	she puts a shell	to my ear	
vast blue sky	we empty	her closets	
baton raised...	a moth spirals	into the silence
precipice	the ascending cry	of an osprey
death watch...	I freshen the water	of her bedside iris	
not the shadow of a ghost...	only a pedigree dog	look for its master
godless month	a double rainbow	spans the mourners	
in the morning shops	half the doorways	fill with shade
June rain stopped	a drunk waters some more	the lilacs	
stillness...	a few flat stones	beneath the pine	
first cold	on the pull of the past year	cat hair	
Intifada-	a portable to another	rabies	
tidal surge	the shag's wings open	for the wind to dry	
jazz	in the long, cool evening	the sound of geese leaving	
numberless stars	a?long'stick?to?keep	the?campfire?going	
flu season	to kiss	or not to kiss?	
family meeting	our neighbors	shut their windows
spring thaw	a new spider	in the mailbox	
city heat??	the grocer spritzes his greens	and little girls	
fallen leaves	a tarantula's legs	still uncovered	
cool dusk	kookaburra chatter	from a tree's silhouette	
evening news	the soothing weight	of the quilt
last kiss . . .	the smell of hay	in her hair	
desert wind	the potter's fingerprints	on an ancient shard	
clanging buoy??	how many voices	does the sea have?	
sleet snaps	at the window	he pats the lettuce dry	
cloudburst	the flies are already	in the house	
small child	afraid to throw away	his church bulletin
summer meadow??	awaking to a crowd	of cows	
sad words	and tears in my teacup	rainstorm	
night time??	moths queuing	at the cash machine	
placid lake??	the sound of bike wheels	on the gravel path	
rose petals	fallen on bare earth	evening rain	
power outage	hoarfrosted pines	shimmer in moonlight	
cold pebbles	sensations on skin	warmly now
harvest moon	the groom inhales helium	from a white balloon	
visit to the old villa	the scent of	lost money	
cooler now	street children sniff glue	in the twilight	
adding	clouds clouds,	incinerator	
October rain	all through the night	my kidney stone	
The full December moon	he counts his birthdays	snow on the temple	
IN GOD WE TRUST	an immigrant looks at	a dollar bill first time	
airport window	the cloud of my breath	as your plane reaches the clouds	
leaving the sex shop	red leaves of spring	
starry night . . .	a worn phone number	in the handbook	
winter sun	a last ray flares	from behind clouds	
i am like nature.	i can roar like a liger.	i will be very scary.
landing in her lap	a scroll of bark	from the eucalypt	
feel the warmth of	bashos frogpond	just xeroxed
foggy morning	through the open window	a blur of birdsong	
burial?mound	the?earth	gives?a?little	
How thin the moon!	the scent of lilacs	grows fainter...	
funeral march??	watching their grief	from behind	
long winter	my wife slows her pace	to mine	
solitary dream	wandering over the hill...	a poor traveller
the heather still in bloom -	we take Mum the long way	back to the hospice	
tattered windsock?	a harbor seal slips between	two dinghies	
moonflower	a love letter	to captain kirk	
noon sun	someone playing scales	we saxophone	
skylight-	a contrail crosses	her line of coke	
crowded tram	at each station	a flowering tree	
sunday morning...	her shadow	on a clothesline	
early sunrise pink bindweed curled	around barley stalks	
autumn wind	men in wrinkled suits	argue with the cab driver	
cattle truck?	a cowbell swinging	from the guard rail	
budding romance...	between them on the porch swing	a just opening rose	
here & there	in bare treetops	mistletoe
wounded knee??	trying not to speak	above the wind	
moonlit night	across the meadow	my shadow grows	
bitter wind?	a withered hops vine	curled around the trellis	
grassy hill a suitcase of dolls	let out to stretch	
used bookstore	the creaking stairway	to poetry
hailstorm	under the groaning roof	I hold my breath	
jasmine??	first the perfume	then the buzz	
a little flower	watching the wonderful moon	set into the dawn
summer leaves...	remembering	mother's dry skin	
disjoint components -	just enough daylight	for a haiku	
summer's end	the hammock turned in	on itself
beautiful skies	Gaza setting drape	deadly beauty	
twilight	watching my shadow	float downriver	
wild fires	in the mist	the ashes	
indian summer	first light	finds the tallest tree	
coming home	piles of laundry on the floor	light and dark	
late summer	chant of carnies	driving stakes	
morning heat	a swallowtail drifts	into the blue	
indian summer
closed casket	the funeral director's	peppermint breath	
navigating	these country roads	the curl of her hair	
daybreak...	still sipping bitter coffee	we rehash last night	
changing our sheets -	cherry blossom	drifts to the floor	
the small boy	strikes the blind man's stick	with his plastic sword
Over the bay	August full moon rises	as days shorten	
mixing bowls-	the shallow echoes	of bells	
main street	a sign points the way	to the cemetery	
empty bus stop	autumn leaves swirl	in the car's wake	
sun-warmed patio	the bird with one foot	bellies down	
light rain??	the open beak	of the bird	
narcissus . . .	my heartbeat races	towards its end	
snail	to know	its heart beats too
after the teenagers leave	the dishwasher	and sparrow song	
rush hour	closing the car window	on my hair	
a warm summer night,	on my bed i meditate...	colors go away.
summer evening	the man on the bridge	waves back to us	
midnight	one branch sawing	through another	
december rain	the scooter bumps	room to room	
my child's kiss?	a down feather drifts	onto the book	
new coolness??	a bird flies toward	a hole in the clouds	
first warm day	a hermit thrush	pumps its tail	
after the stroke...	watching only the half of your face	that smiles
house sitting . . .	the warmth	of my friend's cat	
faded roses	some of the words	i can?t take back	
in the backyard shade	a small gust brings coolness	and a white petal	
snowmelt on a familiar road	strangers' names return	to mailboxes	
retirement day	my plastic i.d.	snaps in half
Friday the 13th	a bit of volcanic ash	in the winter fog	
sunny spring day?	cat meowing to no one	in particular	
the old watering can	hangs one more rainbow	among the roses
spring moon . . .	from the street girl's hand	a shadow rabbit	
the neighborhood	where i would live?	climbing roses	
Juno Beach-	my body in the sea,	my mother to the edge	
temple steps??	a man with a snake	offers to tell my future	
north wind	the holes	in my beliefs	
dust motes . . .	a careful sweep	around the cat	
the wave turning back??	the deep blue	of the seashell	
full moon??	her updated version	of the future	
sea rock	in an old man's shape?	another spring	
perfectly round moon	Condensation on the glass	
midnight dusk	the blur of moths	around a buddleia	
dry arroyo	click of insects	on slabs of slate	
first crocus	the oncologist says	No hope	
bare fields -	the high-voltage line	by leaps and bounds	
shirts versus skins	a vulture spirals	into the sky	
autumn sunlight	beads of holy water arc	toward the casket	
blue iris	she watches the needle	penetrate his flesh	
endless rain	christmas lights	bleed in a puddle	
winter window	closed to the cold -	purple orchid	
the seasons change	she buys new	colour contacts	
evening thunder	magpies scold something	at the windmill	
crescent moon	a bone carver sings	to his ancestor
far below	migrating geese	follow the river	
high tide	the taste of salt	on your lips	
unfortunate words	can't won't shouldn't didn't	the saddest in life.
spring breeze	patches of old snow	in the junkyard	
late august	pushing through cornstalks	midnight racoons
mixed precipitation	she tells me I look good	for my age	
house clearance	in the heart shaped locket	a faded soldier
recycling box	back inside	with leaves	
clipped grass	a rabbit keeps an eye on	saint francis	
starry sky -	while a wind farm	stopped	
frost sliding	on glass?	tri-focals	
drinking iced coffee	i check the yes box to be	an organ donor
blue violets . . .	the coolness of evening	ascending the mountain	
threat level orange??	wild ducks land	on the white house lawn	
north winds –	snow flakes and	the smell of smoke	
beach house -	unlocking the gate	to the ocean	
cold evening??	changing my teacup	to the other cheek	
koi pond	how we imagine	immortality	
heat wave??	a knife stuck	deep in the melon	
still wanting	to fly????these feathers	of the dead owl	
chill wind	a crow drinks	from the rain-filled stump	
inviting aromas...	the hostess asks	will it just be me
autumn wind	another  leaf flutters	from the pile	
long rainy day -	a window to the street	the setting of lights	
the long night	a warm glow	from the baker's window	
log split	a moth	flies out	
how still the morning	watching a cormorant	watching the water
sunset fades	from the highest peak??	autumn chill	
evening service	light beams	into the night	
v	the day hides itself	within a grove of aspen.	thunder pursues it.
bus stop -	a woman's perfume	in the air	
moonless night	i close my eyes	and disappear	
washing day	wind whips the judo jacket	through its moves	
salt marsh	the runnels deepen	through cordgrass	
war veteran . . .	lobbing grain	at his hens	
mallards?fly?away?	darker'shades?of?autumn	return?to?the?river	
the long stride	of a stranger's walk	autumn sky
eve of the year -	rose a notch	low over the horizon	
spring again	a taste of rust	in the harmonica	
cold moon	a carriage horse trots	up Sixth	
baled hay	left in the field	a cricket's ragged chirp	
old manor house	each empty room has	its own echo	
insomnia	the cat	kneads my hair	
the kettle whistles...	a blur of garden color	on the window
thunderhead??	a plume of smoke	from the old salt's mouth	
plywood roof	stillness seeps in	with the cold	
salad days	the heat of hormones	and beach sand	
burial	mourners and bare trees	blend	
birdsong	a clothesline	dripping light	
lamplit dust	an ant's path	across the psalms	
mosquito dead	crushed red flower	on the wall	
another cloudy night	i google	the moon phase	
vivaldi . . .	olive leaves ripple	silver	
winter sun	the iv pouch	buckles	
the pallbearers	last year's acorns	crunch underfoot
egg moon	the emu's contours	engraved in stone	
open atlas	the continental drift	of clouds	
my day	measured out	in teaspoons	
my lungs fill	with alpine air . . .	wanting to yodel	
prison sunset?	in coiled razor wire	a sparrow's nest	
the scent of fruit	past ripening...	dusk light	
indian summer	it's what the sunflowers	waited for	
soft rain	the clown's smile	turns a little sad	
army hospital	he finger-spells	i love you	
factory wall -	the smell of	a new graffiti	
news of her death??	winter moon descending	beyond the trees	
winter morning	the sound of grandma	zipping her boots	
ladybug outbreak	the wish i make	again and again	
my garden gloves	streaked with dirt??	meeting a monarch	
summer night	a smoker's cough and the clack	of mahjong tiles	
quiet morning	the garden snails nibble	young radishes	
in the dream	my dog has a whistle	only i can hear
empty teacup	the laundry basket	overflows	
sudden thunderstorm-	open umbrellas flower	in many colors	
spring moon	all night long	the mockingbird's song	
thoughts of youth??	the furthest peak	through my slingshot	
christmas eve	listening to the snow	fall	
ready to carve	a smile on it	this orange moon	
parade day...	another blue balloon	floats from reach
cutting down the tree.	it is a long way to fall.	deforestation.
two minutes silence	a cell phone keeps ringing	Nehru smiles from his frame	
crossroad shrine	a bevy of quail running	beneath the briars
near sunbathers	driftwood	nearly bleached
a year more -	a first birdsong	my insomnia	
we huddle	over mothers open grave	lawless winter
first of December -	another cold cup	of coffee	
mountain rain	the rising magpie's	bloodied bill
picnic -	butterflies and	flies in the butter	
barnacles	persist along the pier . . .	our second honeymoon	
summer's end . . .	the staggered heights	of black umbrellas	
airport wait?	a one-legged blackbird	adjusts to the wind	
lullaby	she reaches	to feel each word	
strewn on the road	a six-pack of beer	and a teddy bear	
Forgetting to ask	for the seniors' rate-	falling leaves	
almost dark??	a fountain	lifts the rain	
the ride	past the roadside fruit stand	?'spring solitude	
pasture tree	its shade	shapes the herd	
On the weight scale	too many extra pounds	Autumn's abundance	
sweeping up new year's	confettianother day	of rigamarole
in silent   mid-night   our old scarecrow   topples down...   weird hollow echo
late summer wind	the marks on a hay bale	where it was bound	
the morning after	oak leaves cradle	last night's hail	
the blue heron's	six foot wing span folds . . .	a breeze smoothes the willow	
a star	it's only	light years	
first day of may	the woodchuck's cheek	full of flowers	
long night	the fine print	of contraindications	
the sound she makes	when she catches her breath	first snow	
Sunday dusk	a last wine bottle	piled in the trunk	
the pregnant lady	stared at her man's member and	remarked, "that looks fake."
autumn afternoon	mother touches	my thinning hair	
soft rain	the clatter of young barn owls	trying their wings	
red-throated finch song	a hint of it in beethoven's	rhythm and angles	
hermit thrush . . .	knowing when it's time	for me to go	
Calligraphers at the temple -	prayers for badgers	bristle donors	
a hundred thousand spectators	three laureates	a moth	
the sea   darkening...   oh voices of the   wild ducks   crying, whirling, white
looking for something	in the bottom of a cup	the low autumn sun	
saguaro shadow?	the packrat hiding	something bright	
Confucius	another long path	to the old pond	
autumn campgrounds??	lysol from the men's room	in the breeze	
freshly washed hair	scent of the wind	rushing past	
long barge	slow on the canal	the moon	
still night	I sew a small tear	heart-shaped	
autumn wind	goldfinch feathers cling	to the gravel	
from deep in the forest	a haunting birdsong	sung just once	
blue whale	the outstretched arms	of a toddler	
jar of tadpoles	two shadows swim off	the candle-lit table
concession speech	the dog waits patiently	on the porch	
Science day	the programme begins	with rituals	
round and beautiful	the moon breathing with cut grain	slowly moves westward	
clicking off the late movie...	the couch cushion	reinflates
rain clouds	fragrance of	sweet basil	
melting snow -	an unfinished	haiku	
from year to year	grow old with the trunk	heart engraved	
distant traffic hum?	the stone buddha's	moss-filled crevice	
winter's last rain	the scent of skunk	in my eyes	
for the new year	a temple nun	washes Buddha	
moonrise	a flow of shadows	along the river
inconceivable.	you keep on using this word.	you misunderstand.
a little girl	watching a cocoon . . .	wings	
metal roof	the alternating feet	of a magpie
hometown visit	an urge to go full tilt	across the speed bumps	
lull	reading into the braille	of your goose bumps	
hot night??	the orchestration of crickets	and tinkling ice	
storm clouds	billowing in the wind	a stranger's coat	
the debt ceiling will rise	clouds break	for the sunset	
bone dust	after cremation	the winter sky	
approaching storm	my twelve year-old's fascination	with war	
wedding band	smoke from the fireworks	dissolves against the stars	
a purple cherry tree	points west to the rounded hills;	east wind in summer.
Thanksgiving rain	the dog	no one wanted	
dark hallway	an explosion	of cut lilac	
wake! the sky   is light!   let us to the road   again...   companion butterfly!
now be a good   boy   take good care of   our house ...   cricket my child
i don't understand	i can't reason with it	and i never will
can you fall in love	with one look into their eyes?	answers will appear.
Armistice	It polishes the lion	bronze	
learning who	not to listen to?	snowy mountains	
early winter moon	the sound of a newspaper	as it hits the ground	
almost spring	noseprints	on every window	
skinny dipping	mayflies	shed their skins	
hurricane	the taste of rain	from a barrel	
winter is a birth	of lofty expectations	for the next season.	
a purple tree	when did i stop	being young?	
for a grave	next to his loved one	the extra daffodils	
rows of corn dancers	the black-and-white smile	of a pueblo clown	
Almost dusk -	the zigzag flight	of linked dragonflies	
white?water?rafting?the?river?in?my?eyes	
4th of July	hotter than	a firecracker	
a snagged lure	dangles from the deadfall	sunshine on the hooks	
late summer??	eelgrass turns	with the tide	
February First	a sun ray dances	on her cell phone	
snows force elk downhill	farmer drives elk to mountain	no place left to starve
after the funeral . . .	i rotate the chessboard	with each move	
scent of wind	a lizard steps out	of its old skin	
sultry afternoon	iridiscent fly gleams green	or maybe blue	
october fest	too much oom-pah-pah	in the mustard	
searchlights scissor sky	siren hurds us down the tube	drowning under dricks
sharing a silence	under tonight's sugar moon	the old dog and i
a slug trail?	moonlight	streaks my shoe	
ear	of barley	crescent moon	
father asks	if it's time to go??	cricket song	
pissing in a puddle	Droplets of moonlight	On Her sandal	
flash of lightning	the dry creek	choked with rubbish	
from the armoire,	scent of passion in a candle	yet to be burned	
mid-summer...	she shares with me	a ripe melon!	
tree-filtered moon	the night wind	in a leafpile	
a skull no bigger	than my thumbnail	jasmine in bloom	
a late snow	someone	sighs	
misty window??	a child draws the rain	with slashing lines	
summer is over	but fall has not yet begun...	custodial sounds
a path opens	through the pigeons??	wet maple leaves	
giggles of children	the golden retriever	shakes off the river	
filtered through pine	the pygmy owl's staccato??	flecks of moonlight	
new cracks	in an old mirror	I just noticed	
Ash Wednesday	this is the year	he'll quit	
hindsight	a field of	cut stalks	
glacial stream	shadows of dragonflies	pass over the bridge	
humid july	from the stove the smell	of old fires
windless day??	kissing snowflakes	on her hair	
rainy morning??	a thick-fingered teller	doles out dollar bills	
between lace curtains	the white cat's eyes	follow a snowflake
morning sun	a patch of frost	in the holstein's shadow
after love	this sweet burst	of cherry tomato
coffee shop	our family stories	darkly roasted	
wishing fountain	most thoughts	still a penny	
pausing	halfway through a life	with chrysanthemums	
my eyebrows	grown longer??	winter night	
pigeons on wires -	he tunes his guitar	beside a pole	
after the party	a lone woman drinks	a birthday gift	
for the second time	the mourning dove??????feeding	without her mate	
where do I	put the accent	Hiroshima	
fallen leaves	some stars shine	in the sky	
open windows	the sound of a distant train	on a sleepless night	
empty fairgrounds??	tent peg holes	half filled	
Sunday morning blue sky	I need more	Alka-Seltzer	
sharp moon	the sound of a cow	chewing dry leaves	
watching rain	pouring down . . . pouring down	just watching
white cloud of a moon	drifting in the morning sky	these October days	how like a fine mist that fades	this future now so fragile	
washing day	sheets billow	shaping the breeze	
over the earths edge	they all gothe white clouds	and the one sailboat
the grief still fresh...	a leaf comes to rest	on its shadow
even without dewdrops	all those hairs	on the caterpillar	
global warming -	of king cake	ahead a month!	
the cat shifts	from sunspot to sunspot	Sunday morning	
a year	wiped away	dust on luggage	
toothache??	a woodpecker comes	to stab the suet	
reconciliation	the candle between us	sputters
gunshot	every pine needle	pointing at something	
a laborer	sowing dreams	in a field of stars	
dead heading lilacs	the fragrance lingers	in memory	
morning sneeze	the guitar in the corner	resonates
tapping	the boatshed wall	a boat	
dirt road	coyote skins draped over	a snowy fence	
clouded moon	the sound of her slip	hitting the floor	
fruit-cellar coolness . . .	mama pits cherries	with a paperclip	
1 11 11	too many smoking	chimneys	
star jasmine	there's no right way	to die	
kids fight a gun battle	in the swimming pool	Memorial Day	
slipping over morning fields	a sunray	catches the hare's urine	
autumn evening -	the lingering warmth	of this old deck chair	
monday morning	ant on the coffee cup	going in circles	
spring break -	colorful tents	in the desert	
in the dark car	the scent of you	and the rainy fields
first pond freeze	a water beetle pushes	against the ice
the colour	of the hill	pioneer graves
leaving the graveyard...	tens of coffins at the gate	waiting for custom
ancient mountains...	runners clearing hurdles	on the practice field
first phlox	a dewdrop on the tip	of my nose	
independence day	next to the floats, ants carry	a butterfly corpse	
the sun high	over the chaparral	soaring red-tails	
the bee dies	separate from its stinger??	and i 	
scent of the hills	when all you can see	are their outlines	
ninety winters	spellbound	again
crashing waves -	a chipped stone	returned to the sea	
suddenly spring	i read the ending	first	
shooting star??	those things	we tell no one	
spring dawn	with the returning geese	my mind takes flight	
giddy   grasshopper   take care ... do not   leap and crush   these pearls of dewdrop
In the bowl of verbena	bulb ceiling	- Mid-November	
a cockroach	on the welcome mat . . .	motel dusk	
horizonless	sky-colored ice	turns in the bay	
a one-window shack	and sunflowers that sway . . .	the short twilight	
bevy of sparrows	a creek breaks	its winter banks	
tiny headstone	a pinwheel turns	the wind
folding sheets	the weight of a flag	still in my arms
marmot hole	snow in the shade	of a lodgepole pine	
the warbler	in a mockingbird's song	summer dusk	
chemotherapy	her children's names	tattooed on her shoulder	
all'souls?day?	rosewood?or?pine	dad's'still?dead	
a box turtle	slowly unpacks its legs	first warm day
cottonwood down	through morning sunlight	our canoe	
great?blue?heron	out?of?the?morning?mist	into?itself	
silhouette	the moon outlines	her single breast
to the beat of rain	the builder darkens	with his wood	
morning prayers	a glass cathedral	echoes vowels	
heavy snowfall	a hawk on a fence post	almost white	
down in the sunken garden	the last lantern	flickering	
chilly morning	a patch of bright light	beneath the rhododendrons	
he tells me the word	i?m looking for	total eclipse	
smile hides everyhting	it's deep and shallow	it can kill someone
new leaves?	the tree growing	through a roof's remains	
the way of the conch	blueing in the sea, and	echoing in the wind
early dusk?	toward the fingernail moon	a vee of geese	
juncos burst	from snowy bushes	the glitter	
fireworks at the park	someone brings	in a boombox	
record heat -	a song thrush beats	against the tomato cage	
a flip-flop	in the middle of the street	the heat	
skylight moon	my unspoken need	for boundaries	
tree stump	an ant scurries across	three wars	
ants on a picnic	i told you this would happen	you never listen
cool?bench?	the?call?of?geese	behind?me	
a mill wheel	slowly turning??	more and more stars	
autumn light	nobody I know	in the obits	
a memorial bell	tolls tolls and stops,	but his words . . .	
falling acorns the deer's	ears	
white hydrangeas	motherhood is missing	from my resum?	
cloudy at sunset	black and white graffiti	shows more leg	
morning haze	I keep recounting	how many Santas	
distant siren??	the sound of a heifer	calving	
Snow dawn -	the footprints	the paperboy	
mayflies	an unfinished painting	on the easel
first violet??	my grandmother	every time	
spring morning??	the cable car bellringer's	rhythmic burst	
buttocks after another	it precedes me	Gare Saint-Lazare	
two o'clock in the morning	a tiny insect	through the new page	
cattails bursting	a red rowboat tangled	in willow branches	
at the other end of the world	on the train window	Race raindrops	
morning fog	the graffiti	looks subtle	
soft rain	the sound of hammering	from the construction site	
ancient sequoia	straw hat	in my hand	
venetian vase	the glass blower pauses	to admire a cloud	
a stiffness in the joints	shrunken tomatoes	piled in the turnrow	
garden clearout	snails cling	to the wheelbarrow	
august rain	the one bitter almond	in a whole bag	
deserted wharf	the mime bows	to the moon
sauteed fiddleheads	dinner begins	with grace
winter beach	a piece of driftwood	charred at one end
birth book	a toddler scribbles	in the blank spaces	
lingering heat	the third-grade classroom	one desk short	
tree leaves fall	as the long journey begins	a fading hymn	
some wounds	take forever to heal	tonight's red sky
steeping tea	no more or less	of the thin snow	
sweet pea vines	the skilled hands	of my wife
summer writing camp??	sound of a skill saw	through the barn window	
in his mother's house	he walks into the cobweb	she underlooked
a bright morning	the mud pulls away	from a frosty stone	
white lilies . . .	the parish priest	begins to speak	
very dry night	a half moon	hardly moving	
up in the sky	hardly heard, hardly seen:	migrating birds
sleepless night	snow to rain	by the sound of it	
bottoms up??	that amber glow	of autumn sun	
train whistle	in the night it is music	of far away places	
the men's room	with piped-in light rock	one by one we dance
cool tiled floors -	a ripe peach flavor	at sunrise	
village festival??	the last firework	joins the moon	
more gray in my hair??	a faint scent of mimosa	sweetens the breeze	
master wind	sweeping the temple	zealously	
autumn afternoon the bride leans	into the wind	
all day rain	a whistle of wind	breaks the rhythm	
such sharp edges?	the few red leaves on a branch	of eucalyptus	
deathbed?	out the open window	the open sky	
a solitary walk	among stubbled fields	the first star
mid-argument?	a bumblebee	stumbles in clover	
one more goodnight??	halo around	the hunger moon	
swift clouds	wind in the cup	of my hand	
bitter cold?	the juniper berry parts	the jay's beak	
giving up	her secret ingredient	last round of scrabble	
shopping plaza?	in the handicap parking	piles of snow	
false spring	cougar tracks	in moist sand	
spring festival	hail clatters	on the stage	
the dalai lama	chants my mind into a dream	om can clear my thoughts.
dark days of winter	the dentist explains his	payment plans	
summer stars	the trumpet glinting	from its case	
spring wind	he pedals	faster	
all around	the parking meter	spring rain!	
grandfather's funeral	cousin kate, air kissing,	spies a mirror, checks her makeup.
beginning of summer??	the heart of the watermelon	saved for last	
Easter morning	I head out into	trackless snow	
first thaw -	someone should have warned	the daffodils	
hangman?	the snapped branch	of the silver birch	
a white night	salmon bones	curled against a log	
early evening	i wait for sunset	to touch the birches	
we did a bootsale	it was the first one this year	people like seagulls
laundry day	the search	for matching socks	
same as it was	when we were cavemen	the moon	
twilight	portrait of a child	That will never age	
perseid shower	the scent of tamarack	on the campfire	
Autumn morning	neighborhood graffiti	has changed colors	
autumn rain	on the headstone	his name darkens
through the camera's eye	gleaming	the elephant's eye	
Day of the Oscars-	in the Spring sun	I plant onions...	
all the departure times	have faded...	a thin autumn rain
autumn rain	having just said i love you	into a phone	
midwinter	the coffee drinker	sips tea	
through the window	half a mirror showing	a quarter room	
in the evening coolness	of a verandah	Reflect hereyes stars	
ginko	to learn of the pine . . .	sticky fingers	
the slant of sleet??	redwings riding	withered reeds	
neglected garden	lichen growing	on a wrought iron fence	
autumn wind	a tiny spider husk	spins in the moonlight	
a squeeze of the hand	and we stand among them??	croaking toads	
gloomy day	a blind man passes	a blooming cherry tree	
bursts over belt loops	designer brand across her ass	"guess" what?... your weight?	
evening rain . . .	the new phone book	without his name	
dawn . . .	the rooster for sacrifice	calls in the temple	
spring sunshine	we look round a house	we can?t afford	
Afternoon rain	Scents rise	From the garden.	
mist across the lake	a loon's tremolo	slips through	
a cricket falls silent	the clock's slow ticking	goes on	
terminal cancer	the contrails end	midair	
the empty nest	He has filled the grass	gutter	
lullaby of rain	another pinch of saffron	in the pumpkin soup	
lantern light	the river slips	through our fence	
old rosary	the diary	of her hands	
moonlit night	the shadow of a wolf	just like a wolf	
new freedom	blue dress now	a table cloth	
Holiday cottage -	flapping seconds	in the middle of the night	
basho's death-day
salmon sunrise	a splash resounds over	the calm bay	
dawn . . .	a lorry driver washes	his face by the highway	
subway window	she and her reflection	cry at the same time	
early autumn	the farmer sands a splinter	on a buggy spoke	
drizzly field	the rattle of a tractor	wades in the fog	
after midnight...	a shooting star beneath	the wharf	
small talk	the pile of apple peels	growing	
circling each thigh	cool	of the night river
in-laws visit?	a red dragonfly lands	in the white lily	
hummingbird	with the wave of an arm	i work out her tattoo	
trail's end	my pebble	settles the cairn
the marigold	in a plastic cup	mother's day	
morning tea	he cups his hands	around the glass	
in the hedge	the lighted windows	of a train	
cold moon??	a moment of hesitation	years ago	
afternoon heat	a passionflower falls	into the pool	
another exception	to the rule	dried persimmons	
above the clouds	travelling backwards	through time	
a sudden chill	my credit card	declined	
afternoon heat	bird song fades as I enter	the tunnel	
smell of rain	young deer run	Across the field	
winter rain . . .	the light	from the flower shop	
forget-me-nots	our white dog shakes off	pale blue stars	
geese overhead	the dog stops licking	to listen	
a grasshopper	on the storm door?	late-night wind	
landing	the heron's neck curves	into itself	
children running	the aged nun's wimple	flows in the wind	
geese winding south	yellowjackets buzz	the empty barbecue	
no one calls	she gently dusts	her porcelain rabbits	
night wind	a freight train's horn	blows through my dream	
craw an leprone	flee aff	tae cum yin	
morning rush	reading Walden	on the subway	
lantern shadows	two-teat harmony	in the milk pail
april playground	only the teacher	wears a coat	
backstage tour?	a?clown?wipes?away?the'smile	on my son's face	
southerly storm	we give the old ewe a hand	with her last triplet	
deserted beach	missing a child's	hand to hold	
windswept corner??	every time	a surprise	
tail-flicking cattle	mired mid river . . .	the heat	
rain on the lake	turning down	the volume	
East River nice day	a used condom	on a pile of dirty snow	
knocked off by rain	camellias bloom again	in the puddles	
nude beach	the crowd around	the dead whale
groundhog day...	sharing a sausage	with friends	
arthritis -	another glass of wine	the left hand	
fou lenten muin -	efter the nicht	...festin	
midnight??	another ping from	the empty pop can	
freezing rain	the words	I cannot take back	
winter rain	the warmth of her touch	in my dream	
alley windows	laundry and gossip	pass back and forth	
sowing lupine	in the rain . . .	his pleasure voice	
birdsong . . .	a blind child touches	my smile	
autumn evening	a hedgehog scurries	over cobblestones	
coortin kipple	a coffee atween thaim -	stame heavin	
the neighbor's lilacs-	gathering the fragrance	to myself	
abandoned store	large sign reading	we never close
globalization -	he serves the sushi fish	on french bread	
morning tea a warbler's song drifts	through a wind chime	
harvest moon	rose garden	has lost its colors	
my belt	loosened a notch -	after the year	
fireworks ended   and spectators   gone away...   ahd how vast and dark!
Home again	His scent lingers	On her kimono	
grey sky	a monarch butterfly	lost in autumn	
on a cold night	the hollow echo of your voice	
spring sun	high in his arms	the newborn is shown
disused bridge	mist flows	over the river	
woodfire	flickering in the silence	corralled horses	
almost dusk	the trawler men	drink tea	
thousands of miles	away, her first birthday	fresh mango	
bonfire's glow	my niece cups her hands	around a firefly	
how can he love so much?	warm evening light	on the waving dog's tail	
alarm call	i too	look for the hawk	
nicht watchie	daein's roonds -	fou muin	
the easy stride	of seersucker	father's day	
mountain temple -	a prayer overgrown	with moss	
in the mirror	the only picture	of us together
light rain	the smell of air	when the lightning strikes	
melancholia	and the subtle shift of dusk,	darkly dropping night.
summer heat	a cat drinks the water	in the birdbath	
the first bare trees	a flock of blackbirds	turns back the clock	
from the fire escape	the cry of the mourning dove	wintering over
early spring	the honey pot	nearly empty	
overturned earth for	the new garden-birds dive in	for the harvest
fading stars	a hedgehog haphazards	its way back home	
left on the shrine	the stone that tumbled	from the cliff	
war news . . .	the cat chases	her tail	
days lengthen	the amaryllis topples	under its own weight	
spring thaw	everything drips	including my nose	
cinco de mayo	I walk downhill to watch	the moon rise again	
late march?	the snowman's nose	dripping	
a soft whisper of breeze,	dandelions gently sway,	fleeting time	
winter sun	the blur of stones	beneath river ice	
mourning	the mask	the mime	
warm day	an inchworm stretches	beyond the leaf edge	
snow on the ground	streetlamps are on	at four o'clock	
memorial?day?	cut?flowers	in?their?prime	
on an embankment	three chinese	gather chestnuts	
menopause -	she even quarrels with	the autumn moon	
last nights fading dream 	on the blue teapot birds drift	beyond the willows
purple almond tree??	today i?ll not forget	where i parked the car	
accumulating'snow	time?together	she?won't?remember	
winter roses	I am tired of reading	between the lines	
i tell him first	about seeing the eagle	father's day	
yard sale??	listening to sunsets	in the conch shell	
moonlight jaunt	silver water sliding down	an otter's whiskers
tossed up	by churning waves	a painted open? sign	
hangover . . .	an empty beercan	fills with rain	
goose crossing	the old pick-up's	broken horn	
razor wire	in the lime tree	a bird song	
courthouse square	a clock ticks	above the hanging tree	
end of demo -	pigeons resume	possession of the place	
shirtless window	I read haikus	summer rain	
chigger bites	my finger traces	the wilderness map	
horsetail clouds??	a biker shrinks	into the open miles	
train rails	lead away from here??	autumn wind	
abandoned school	a soft breeze ripples	through the weeds	
winter beach	two herring gulls dip	into sunrise	
winter fog	car after car	onto the bridge	
crescent moon	the dog sleeps	with one eye open	
the rasp	of a homemade broom	morning chill	
two-way glass	the patient waits inside	the therapist's reflection
midnight.	the stallion's single kick	against the wall	
how many dew drops make up these walls?
snarled traffic . . .	a mosquito buzzes	in my ear	
city sunrise	these old buildings	cast long shadows	
my grandpa's house...	so many love stories	walled in here	
our first meeting??	a snowflake melts	on my lips	
long dark road?	owl eyes reflect	from the saguaro	
morning frost	stutter	of the rooster	
deserted church	the yew's shadow moves	in a pew
mountain top??	in the valley deep below	death bells	
cool morning	slide of a coat hanger	across the rail	
heat wave??	children's voices	after dark	
much chirping . . .	sparrows settle on the wire	evenly spaced	
morning dense fog	my neighbor forgets	her curtains open	
long-distance train	men on the platform	talk on their mobiles	
ebb tide...	a little sea	in the shell
winter sunset a taxi cab	stops in front of me	
insomnia . . .	turning the page	to birdsong	
the trees have the mist	smoke, fire- two bodies, one act	i but half a heart
concrete??	the jungle	within me	
snow on thin ice	skid marks	where the hare turned	
bus window -	she travels with the full moon	on her head	
autumn	an old man hurling apples	at apples on the tree
that recurring dream	in which I pull the fire alarm	and run	
end of autumn	only thistle	left in bloom	
from my window	a maple's trunk lichened	the only green	
jellyfish dance	breathing in	with a perfect stranger	
scents of apple pie	my grandmother's kitchen	photo album	
another year	stripping down for her	sweet corn
tngrs	bhnd the bk shds	txtg
deep night...	a moth stirs	the windchime
a strange cat	crouched on the welcome mat	the short day
things come and go	raindrops	on the pine	
(can u read this)?
yellow leaves	her 30-step hopscotch	in pink	
Valentine's Day -	recycling	old gold	
Army museum	German helmets	attached	
the time it takes	to thaw the breast milk??	winter night	
freeing the ego	doesn't mean abandoning	your love of peaches	
full moon??	all our sounds	are vowels	
evening cool??	my two small images	in the cat's eyes	
funeral . . .	i still remember	my first swim	
midnight the window fan dices	a train whistle	
church bells	tree roots have cracked	the sidewalk	
deep night	spending some time	putting stars together	
hot afternoon	the shoe seller kicks a butt	into the canal	
Gare du Nord	the slow change of snow	on fake fur	
new year's day	an orca leaps	over the gray swell	
the flag at half mast	orchard blossoms fill	the bigger picture	
just a little peek	the underside	of passion flower	
evening wind	everything in motion	but the moon	
starless night . . .	from the barroom a love song	about red lips	
Snowballs	her seasonal cookies	eaten one by one	
thunderstorm	white pigeons stroll	the man-of-war's deck	
lazy saturdays	always avoiding showers	i'll clean up sunday
summer dawn	the cat brings the rain	to bed	
creak of the swing . . .	my feet still reach	the sky	
cathedral at night	an electron circles	the nucleus	
memorial day	a flag-waving lad seeking	his father's white cross	
new year's day	there is rice	on the sidewalk	
bathed in sunlight	the day roost	of the rufous owl	
His name	on the black granite wall	and we must ask, why?	
letting out the dog	in the chill of dawn	the drifting stars	
the rabbi rides	a three-wheeled motorcycle	signed 'the kosher hog'
the season of love	snow blankets the mountain side	i stare with full heart
watch out for stings	when eating wild honey	or reading haiku	
billowing clouds	trailing the tractor	windrows of hay	
her grave	the names of flowers	escape me	
afternoon dense fog	the barmaid gives me	another for the road	
hunter's moon	wind in silver waves	through the beach grass	
whitecaps	across the inlet?	his salty beard	
from the ocean	to?her?moat	a bucket mostly spilled	
low battery?	i?hold?on?to?her?fading?voice	awhile longer	
despite the day's heat	mum's tombstone	so cold	
persimmon tree	mallards drink in	its reflection	
drip drop bang boom flash	the rain, thunder, and lighting	feel, hear, see the storm
Dark spring morning	busy conversation of birds	awakens interest	
dog days	the ice cream jingle	a four-measure loop	
still a few leaves??	dog hair	painted into the wall	
this heat!	snow-clad mountains framed	by my jail cell window
class reunion	no talk of how young we look	...like last time
autumn afternoon?	the tombstone	strapped to a dolly	
twilight lingers	a coyote's shadow slips	across the neighbor's yard	
child's grave	from birth to death	the moon	
afternoon fog	the day's news	in HD	
Jam	on the birthday card -	signed Baby	
risk of fusion -	on my fingers the smell	sea ​​immortal	
tumbleweed . . .	kids on bikes	in hot pursuit	
a layer of ice	forms on the red sleigh	february rains	
stillness ...   then the bat   flying among   the willows   black against green sky
tall ships	the rifted sky	closes . . . opens	
making love . . .	the meadow	in my pockets	
rain so heavy	it calms the water	autumn evening	
that four o'clock bird?	strangers	we share the dawn	
day long weeding	the last dandelion	under my bench	
lightning	far away in the sky -	first firefly	
fish and chips night	first home	the smell	
curling up	when problems arise	armadillo	
lamplit breath	floats along the shore	ghost stories	
underground river	blind albino ducks	bob on black ripples
hugs	the spider on my	old friend's arm	
mid-week	the crouch	of a grasshopper	
cold April rain	my daughter's birthday	on another continent	
empty square -	no more	Christmas lights	
peonies??	how earnestly we discuss	last night's soap opera	
your "freedom" -	costing us	the earth	
autumn wind	in his sweater pocket	the missing button
stupid arab -	he only wants to learn	to fly straight	
her small son struggles	with the cemetery tap . . .	summer grass	
intertwined	in my washing machine,	my daughter's bras	and the jeans of	her latest boyfriend	
wild oats??	the missing fence rail	at the donkey's feet	
the house empty	It opens and closes the shutters	Windy Day	
coal miner's cortege	above his valley	the slow storm clouds
autumn sunset	breaches rain-swept horizon-	as embers sizzle	
something not spoken,	taboo's are not to be told,	make no exceptions.
stars begin to fade . . .	so much music	from unseen birds	
horns fold	at my shadow's touch;	brown slug
still water...	the undercurrent	in her voice	
autumn   mosquitoes   buzz me, bite me ...   see, i am   long prepared for death
blossom rain . . .	but you hope we can	still be friends	
lunar eclipse	the primal beat of techno	from a passing car	
twilight?	the parked tractor	still warm	
day of remembrance -	the night silence	same as always	
his christmas package . . .	the icy steps	of the post office	
chilies roasting . . .	the old pickup truck	backfires	
lilacs on the breeze	lingering	i reset the sundial	
settlers? cemetery	an old yew creaks	at noon	
taking time...	listening	to the grocery clerk
swollen stream	a tick on new grass extends	both front legs	
leaving the paddock	the colour of dandelions	coming with me	
winter stars??	you introduce me	friend by friend	
shrinking snowman	the red wool scarf	loosens its grip
keep out sign on path	flowers steadily spreading	never learned to read
mother's day??	admiring lilacs	just past their peak	
mixed precipitation	a flat finish	on Wall Street	
study window	still missing the green spider	that lived in it
peace eternity freedom love banana       hilarious
doctor's waiting room??	each patient examined	by a fly	
before my door	your footprints in the snow	from last night	how to absorb these echoes	of what we shared	
old palm reader . . .	my life line	her longest yet
camphor flame	a mother directs her child	to pray	
forest tree??	lichen by-passes	an old wound	
burial plot	the salesman offers	a free will kit
behind our backs??	the sounds the ocean	covers up	
holidays over?	dry roses	on the secretary's desk	
a horse-drawn plow:	sunflowers stand	in the traces
ice cream, basketball	'subway not fast enough	for one-day weekends	
woodland	the silence	of history	
heat lightning	a skunk's scent	wets the night air	
the wind dies	wet paint	smudged on glass	
drip.drip.drip.drip.drip.	the anticipation	of maple syrup	
night of stars -	a white ball floats	in the pool	
distant thunder	a shadow flickers	on the locked shed	
prairie sky	the trucker secures	a wide load	
Saturday morning	under the cherry tree from Japan	a pink puddle	
clearing sky	a child washes pebbles	in a puddle	
winter day -	luxury watches	affordable	
the flock's wings??	one bird veers	into silence	
whirling	on the trampoline	cherry blossoms	
spring fever	my heartbeat quickens	through the avalanche zone	
day moon	cottonwoods shimmer	in the breeze	
amazing nature!	summer through a pane glass door...	cats at stairs' bottom.
dawn yoga??	forms change	with a rooster's call	
guest room -	the silence of the moon	at the window	
some want it snow white	others want it to be pitch black	why not make it gray?
holding high mi?	on my air guitar??	spring morning	
the longest day my lip print fades	from her sunburn	
Valentine's Day	we let the champagne	go flat	
under cassiopée	a cricket	
cycle-weary	a yen	for the ferryman
waiting room	the steady hum	of the fish tank	
aftershock	across the tiles	peppercorns roll
63 today	nothing from here to the horizon	but fair weather clouds	
in winter's wind	the call of a friend	who now has cancer	
soft mist...	a mother cups	her baby's head
new fire old coals	in the old stove	new year	
opening the door	to let the old dog out . . .	moonlight on my toes	
lightning-split oak?	what would i be	in another time?	
visiting her grave	everywhere the sounds	of nestlings
cold winter day	she phones her mother who says:	<who are you?>
farmer's scythe	a harvesting song	in each sweep
winter stars . . .	wondering what inspired	the abacus	
summer's end .	their chirping slows down -	good-bye, cicadas!	
cloud castles	the music we heard	just air	
(the girl with the soul	of a gull	never came back)
waiting	becomes living	late winter	
first robin	the bowed sapling	flings its ice
summer breeze	the criss-cross of gull tracks	in damp sand	
darkened garden?	on this night of no moon	the white eggplant	
evening walk	acorn shells crunch	into the silence	
fall this morning -	the bird on his left shoulder	coated	
Moon over cedars	in the rainforest	scent of you	
moonlight	baby's cheek	at breast	
the only lights on	in a passive fight	against the darkness of the whole building	
grand canyon	all i know	i don?t know	
the deep hues	of worn ricing sticks	ojibwe harvest	
fermat's last theorem	a jar of buttons	in a hoarder's garage	
long ago	I threw your letters away	footprints in snow	
atop the high wall...	the intertwining of	barbed wire  roses	
mallet to chisel,	chisel to stone . . .	the north wind	
cumulonimbus	a man rolls a cardboard box	too large to carry	
beach shack	a garden	of shells	
East River nice June day	a bank rat comes out	to look around	beau jour de juin sur East River	un rat de banque sort	pour faire un tour	
putting on weight	the one-walk-a-week dog	from paekakariki	
love-in-the-mist??	a persian carpet	worn to warp threads	
bedtime??	fruit flies linger	after the fruit	
cold winter night	the scent from fireplaces	all the way home	
summer solstice	the measuring tape reels back	into its case	
midsummer??	childhood pathways	lost to wildflowers	
spring breakup	my missing button	in her sewing box	
evening haze	geese come up from the pond	in two's and three's	
drifting from dream to dream hazy moon	
pink dianthus	two parasols bend	to the scent	
trunk of old pine -	a cicada moulting	facing the setting	
october wind?	from inside the peach	the smell of rain	
blue sky morning??	sweeping a cobweb	off the clothesline	
solitude . . .	smoke from the incense	thickens a sunbeam	
the timbre	of a horse's heart	winter sea
cicada song	spanish moss dipped	in sunlight	
summer clouds	the faraway look	in a stranger's eyes	
a beach ball	the gentle slap	of the moon	
Summer thunderstorms	a surfer puts his board	on his head	
year's end	her skipping rope	too short	
Halloween night	ghosts and goblins	watch the rain	
first sun of the year	a street workman disappears	into a manhole
shorter days ...	wizened grapes	cling to the vine	
sultry night	a passing train	shakes the shack	
morning fog	an empty	tequila bottle	
ebb tide	the sand castle moat	still showing clouds	
subway wind	happens to raise a page -	haikai	
january rain . . .	at the edges of my nap	the old cat kneading	
a new boyfriend	the same lingerie	enticing again
A float plane	divides the Canada geese	Summer stillness	
florida spring?	the brown chameleon	turns green	
no moon	the click of stilettos	on cobblestones
turning tide	placing intact clams	back in the water
bay shallows	a starfish moves its fingers	over mine	
dad's yahrzeit??	a white moth	clings to my window	
i arrange my tie	to hide a stain	misty hollow	
garden sundial	from nine to noon	leftover snow	
drowned	in the sound of the rain	other familiar sounds	
trying to name	the color of the sun	yellow peony
harvest moon	when will the stray dog	find its home?	
late fall -	the scent of rain	in your hair	
storm clouds -	mother searches for	candles	
early summer	the ice cream truck	makes another round	
chernobyl victim	fingers pressing the plastic	to his wife's caress
vj day	an old man with a balloon	tied to his chair	
croquet . . .	a butterfly flits	through a wicket	
alone in the bush	just me	and a blowfly	
scent of rain	in the open window	no mosquito	
the long pause	between her wish and	tossing the coin	
soft rain	the new grave	looks old
the river?	the town also spilling out	of the mountains	
departing geese	i am no longer	someones child
summer heat	the deep red	of his boutonni?re	
New Year's Eve	bubbles rise again	in the old crystal flutes	
sundown a red dust settles behind the plough
no sign	where two roads meet	iris blooms	
Spring City	young shoots	young ladies	
evensong	an upturned snail shell	brimming with rain	
mountain stream	the steady flow	of autumn leaves	
street fair??	a mockingbird mimics	the ventriloquist	
woodland graffiti	a fallen branch carved	by bark beetles	
an ancient path	in a sky without time	departing geese	
dawn	a Christmas tree	sticks out of the garbage	
a breeze of winter,	the wind on my face is nice,	i smell the flowers.
loon calls	my daughter drawing circles	near the fire
tax time?	a gnome hunches over his desk	in the garden	
the boat crests a wave -	tracing my finger around	an ancient stone	
oh former   renter   i know it all, all ...   down to   the very cold you felt
evening fog	the steam room	is empty	
honeysuckle??	the silent flight of fruit bats	above the river	
nest-building	a bird carries a clump	of cat hair	
sleet and rain-	stirring extra sugar	into hot mush	
new photos	of my granddaughter	crocuses in bloom	
a street musician	plucks at his guitar	hot breeze	
harbour quay	the sound of a tugboat	wrapped in fog	
the highs and lows	of our conversation	the dog's eyebrows	
twilight	a cricket's	sudden silence	
mild winter day	a jogger's ponytail	bobs up and down	
red campion	the pathway unwinding	so easily	
one small step...	I trace my toe in sand	dream of lunar dust	
slowly...	a loon preens	in the mountains reflection	
Memorial Day	waiting for George Bush	to leave office	
hollow center	of the raspberry	mother's silence
boys' dorm	the glow of a firefly	in a bottle	
teenagers	holding up a wall	first dandelion leaf	
stalagmites	a passel of school children	up ahead	
our locked gate??	earth stops the falling	leaves	
morning pitch	of my grandmother's voice	spring wind	
thumbing a coat	over my shoulder	cloudless sky	
morning frost	a compost seedling	sparkles	
sunday morning??	nothing comes or goes	but the fog	
fog blurring the hills??	to pass the time	we reminisce	
frost	everywhere i look??	the milky way	
petal gust-	the street flutist's	scrambled notes	
cold May moon... the long road stretches out of sight	
winter stars	suddenly a whiff	of perfume	
dusk	the mason jar filled	with fireflies	
rubber boots	looking for the next	deeper puddle	
mountain fog	a gathering fugue	of wind and pine	
all this way	in your letter	that cigarette smell	
food channel	between commercials	dinner burns	
twilight	the only car ahead	turns off	
wind-bent grasses	we bow to each other	goose and i	
Little sun -	through the windows	dirty	
dusting of snow	all the lights on	in the daycare	
driftwood beach wondering if it's too late to put down roots
after the long wait...	two unattended dove eggs	in summer rain	
the rising moon pales	down here the cricket's	unwavering song	
Temple of Vesta	over his fire off	rain falls	
boundary feud??	picking the blackberry	that breaks the web	
autumn sky?	the perfect blue	of dragonfly eyes	
winter sunshine -	the slow growth of a stone's	shadow	
from the lookout	mountain after mountain . . .	ant on the gravel path	
first frost	the chapel two hours darker	for vespers	
september sunset	cows come single file	through the pasture gate	
gliding hawk	balancing the light	on stiffened wings	
early in the morning	looking at fog	partner after the wedding	early morning	watching the fog	after marriage	
ocean swell	crossing the moonlight	the bow lifts	
sudden gust	the sunflowers	turn their backs	
leaving home...	the smell of smoke	from old brick chimneys
if someone should ask	tell them she loved	ginger snaps and tea	
Coastal Path -	the lapping of water	the gourd	
the bagel hole	it shows me	full moon	
The wild wind	in the small machine of my neighbor...	3 months pregnant	
high bridge	the soundless splashes	of dropped stones	
a girl's laughter??	waterfalls flinging	rainbows	
the blue-eyed cat, gone	was it coyotes	or that flock of big ravens?	
historic tour??	the guide points out buildings	no longer there	
dowser's hands??	the pull in a switch	of willow	
subway ticket -	just enough space	for haiku	
her piano-playing	comes to an end...	sounds of autumn hail	
autumn stillness	she straightens a shelf	of paper cranes	
deep snow	hoses curled	under the sundeck	
ah me! i am one   who spends his little   breakfast   morning-glory gazing
lake in the mist??	hearing it reclaim	a fish	
wind swept cold rain	truck makes stops	to deliver bottled water	
sunny afternoon	an old man lingers	near the mailbox	
rising mist . . .	a heron breaks	the surface calm	
spring breeze??	the smell of new tires	from the bike shop	
sea mist	the scent of the night	it spent in the pines	
by the creek	wrens echo the rippling	over stones
Ides of March...	anyone remembers	the history teacher?	
his letter arrives?	the sound of rain	in the cornfield	
open window	the neighbor's parrot answers	my oven timer	
a girl wandering	in the year-end crowd	her white cane	
one mallard	drifts on the satin lake	my mind smooths out	
overcast	until a white moth lands	on my phone screen	
the trough and crest	bump against the rocks	the sky after the storm	
drunk tonight	an elixir of cherry blossoms	and moonlight	
fresh rabbit road kill	steaming in the tule fog	unseen crows chuckle
a star falls	into the winter dark	the rumble of a train	
sunlight	grazes my fingers??	the first ripe peach	
in the truck's headlights	women's legs	who will enter the building	
rush hour -	one leaf's journey	to the ground	
equinox sunrise	the wash folds itself	
the feel of blossoms	on the back of my hand	spring dusk	
after the dentist	prying open	the oyster
winter solstice	candle too short	for lingering night	
deep winter.	the armload of firewood	chills the kitchen
bouncing ball	beating the giggling boy	down the zig-zag	
stirring my coffee	every which way	flamenco
mornings are mornings,	timeless in my tiny world,	my earth, azure joy.
a wobbly wheel	on the shopping cart autumn night	
the one legged bird	that deep bend before	taking off
hide and seek	among the hollyhocks	august moon
someone whistling	Blue Moon at the falls	the mist	
morning camp	only an ember remains	but it's enough	
thistledown	my thoughts carry me	back to sea	
a river behind	the graveyard	forget-me-nots	
common mystery:	the thrust of hidden meanings	i don't understand.
first glimpse	of her mastectomy bra	winter rose
just one more page	before I sleep...	endless rain	
splashing home from school	in yellow raincoats, children	laugh under dark skies
new year's morning??	the circles	of a toy train	
naked at the ironing board	concentrating	on a crease
cloudy day	giving the prism	a twirl
fall equinox	stacking the hand-me-downs	into equal piles	
winter day -	All Those nude statues	in the park	
hazy sunset	the weight	of a ripe peach	
approaching spring . . .	a fire made of letters	written overnight	
sunset	the Empire State Building is lit	in red and yellow	
we huddle	over mother's open grave	lawless winter
master potter	almost not touching	the clay	
subzero	a moth flies towards	the moonlit door	
overtime...	through an office window	the harvest moon	
rainy night	the clicks of high heels	behind me	
almost sunset??	my husband humming a tune	of his own	
spring break . . .	rival shirts flying	together on the line	
distant stars . . .	poplar fluff drifts	through the dark	
clinic appointment . . .	i stop	to pet pussy willows	
autumn creek	each leaf shadow haloed	in sunlight	
a moment before sunrise	ice singing	beneath the swans' feet
barely dawn?	the cat's slow progress	toward the kitchen	
cloudy sunset -	a lone traffic light	turns red	
snowdust	boulder to boulder?	a bobcat	
bark	becoming?whimper	becoming?night	
After the party	colored garland	hanging on the wall	
cigarette stubs	in ashtrays	in old photos	
clouded moon	the ocean moves	closer
talk of peace	an ovenbird nests	on a rusted trap	
into his trousers	the old tailor	pressing winter light
winter rain-	colder than ever	this bowl of rice	
honey-dipped figs??	the argument	i	have made	
miles of silence	a chill on my thigh	when he changes gears	
blizzard -	the heavy weight	of snowflakes	
summer storm	shorter than	my cup of tea
my daughter's 18th birthday	the warming sunshine	in her hair	
a locomotive whistle	fills the tea room	evening chill	
moving day?	warm rain	on cardboard	
shaving	I share the mirror	with a spider	
midday heat	snap of the shoeshiner's rag	against the toe	
minds lost	in their memory	naked trees	
steady snowfall...	i make hot chocolate	grandmother's way
hot sunday??	i get lost	in the knot garden	
that yellow bird's back	how we end up	where we do	
sweetness	oozing from a fig	indian summer	
hometown visit??	i fill my pocket	with acorns	
porch breeze	a fluff of puppy hair	into the pea hulls	
power blackout	frogs boom	in the billabong	
sundown	a circle of yellow	beneath the ginkgo	
new year's eve??	sending prayer slips	with the ebb tide	
by the window -	a blue like that	our armchairs	
sinking moon	the weight of all	my unspoken words
[insert perceptive	seventeen syllable verse	without humor here]	
new yar's reunion	once again grandfather gets	the coin in the cake
adjoining properties??	the cut	of the mower blade	
in the bottom	of a leaky rowboat??	a glimmer of stars	
no escaping	this moonlight	pompeii
new widescreen tv:	watching junk in	high definition	
lifting fog	the face of an old friend	on my morning walk	
overgrown pasture	we follow a deer trail	to the apple tree	
silent the old   town...   the scent of flowers   floating...   and evening bell
war games	a?boy?weighs?the?bantam's?egg	in his palm	
his lantern's glow	pushing back the dark	frog song	
morning light	through bone-china bowls??	a bluebird song	
daylight slips away	the warm shadow within	the thanksgiving turkey	
falling leaves	we both speak	of living wills	
dark river	shadows of gypsies	around the fire	
severe frost -	the sparkling whiteness	of my brown roof	
hunter's moon	the old tabby	refuses to come in	
divorce final	the double twist	of a m?bius strip	
late snow	on kindergarten windows	paper daffodils
I rush to buy	her birthday present	crescent moon	
hospice hallway	his visitors talk about	someone else	
June	as the sun sets	the ac gets cooler	Juin	comme le soleil se couche	l'airco devient plus froid	
stump speech??	this black and white butterfly	in none of the field guides	
without you is better	oak leaves rattle	against the moon	
On the Zattere	our image in the window	tarnished	
hot oil sizzles	on an iron frying pan	kitchen god speaks	
rumble of thunder	the hawk-like flight	of the pigeon	
under the red leaves	the rungs of the fish ladder	silvered by salmon	
Wind howls and	the cedars sway	drunken sailors	
the long day ends leaning on a hazel crook
floating mist	she gathers goose eggs	in a porcelain bowl
approaching storm . . .	a fluorescent swimsuit	on the clothesline	
first frost	one puddle frozen	the size of my skate
winter clouds	seem to move slower too	in the cold night	
blue heron	standing at the edge	of the falls	
morning breeze	a butterfly sways	with the blossom	
her black hair	veils our praying hands...	hospice church at dusk	
oasis . . .	a cactus wren	sips from the end of a hose	
evening calm	her garden the color	of moonlight	
cold tea	in the tea cup	no more to say	
holiday cleanup	putting the last spoon	to rest	
fireworks	the teenagers	whisper	
fie! this   fickle world!   three days, neglected   cherry-branch ...   and you are bare
birding . . .	the unfamiliar path	home
i dream of summer
caressed by sea air	oranges swell with the sight	of gogoshima
calling home??	the color of mother's voice	before her words	
white winter light	deep among pines	the mule deer doze	
deep autumn	the gleam of his wedding band	as he tends the fire	
fragile horns	snail gracile	raw lettuce	
distant thunder	the last cookies in the jar	both burned	
in the orchard	rotten apples now crunchy	winter solstice	
fast-moving storm	the flagman's world	slow and stop
snowmelt...	she enters	the earth on her knees
new moon?	lamplight fills the holes	in a shot-out stop sign	
mist turns to rain	our cat's last day	
water is cool,	water may be dangeous,	yet it stops the heat,
Assisi sunset	pilgrims gather	at a gift shop	
beautiful orange butterfly	On His shoulder lands	oblivious	
white dawn	a moon crab sinks back	into sand	
gray light	of the coming rain	a raven's cry	
spring's light green	i can smile	without wanting anything	
all?the?long?day?the?business?of?bees	
the new employee	being shown around	crack in the wall
indian summer	the ground-fall pear	warm in my hand	
rose thorns	the soft whirl	of a spinning wheel	
Summer crowded subway	the smell	of sardines	
morning dew	a circle of fallen petals	beneath the peony	
moonflower	the baby's hand	closes around air
childless . . .	i stand with the others	by the river	
Slide the wrong	in haikus for Peace	- Almost full moon	
winter stars	a faint snore	from the bedroom
sunday drive??	the spider web snaps	as i pull away	
another year	the inscription hard to read	with all the grass	
sitting on the hill	of mom's pregnant belly,	the lego castle	
rose trellis	a butterfly adjusts	its flight	
moon rain	even longer day	so dark yet	
sunset	two lonely poplars	lean toward the east	
deep in dark   forest   a woodcutter's   dull axe talking...   and a woodcutter
storm break	all of the angles	in the martin's flight
spring bird song	a girl comes first	to the peep-hole	
easter morning . . .	three silos	on the horizon	
rusted hinge	the butterfly's wings	close, open...
the rain, then the wind	and where the leaves had been
vegetarian daughters	fingers stained	turmeric	
misty rain	the clown painting	he meant to leave me	
fallen leaves??	a line of snails	in the bark fold	
dogwood winter	the waterfall plummets	into a ring of ice	
in the hyacinth garden	I sneak a kiss	between Jimmy's lips	
her small hand in mine	we scrape a rising tone	from the metal bowl	
vernal equinox	the tender shoots	of weeds	
foggy glasses...	a blurry paragraph	above the bath water	
arrows of geese	the puppy chases	leaves on the wind	
fallen leaves	the first words of the letter	?i regret . . .?	
migratory pelicans...	the pollster presses	for an opinion	
a familar name	on the victims list	my coffee grows cold	
low clouds	orion's feet	disappear	
narrow bridge	our shadows fall	onto the rocks	
desert oil field	pump silhouettes	glow in the sunset	
storm shelter . . .	a girl and her mother play	itsy-bitsy spider	
autumn chill	the blind poodle caught	in the phone cord again	
the winter sun	in the cancer ward -	a quiet old couple	
ocean horizon?	touching the curvature	of a white shell	
early summer	boys throw father's lures	into moonlight	
disappearing sun??	the first bubble	in the pasta sauce	
street corner memorial	my four-year old	asks for the balloon
Memories of You	rice field in shadows...	september moon	
early warmth	in the backyard a flicker	pokes among rocks	
skyline fog	all these CEO's don't look	out the window any way	
in the sea	the fireworks	rising
in the cold fireplace	my last letter	burning
reaching into sky	the girl breaks the wish	bone of geese
rain	the?yellow'smell	of?quinces	
roadside memorial -	the faded plastic windmills	still racing	
fly fishing	my thoughts	untangle	
the long day	he plants more tomatoes	than we can eat
waiting at the airport	the beaming smile	someone else's husband	
no rain	spiders web the holes	in a patio umbrella	
gentle touch -	a grasshopper's feet	crossing my own	
driving behind a school bus	pupils signal	with their fingers	
dusky nettlebed	the stream just deep enough	for ducks to dabble in	
the future	deep in the tea leaves...	spring growth	
first valentine	in the kindergarten box?	scent of fresh paste	
pushing her lips together	to form the sound?	frogs	
a blurred view	of the bulldozer??	yellow leaves	
our arguement lasts	long into the night	the windy trees
first communion	bleeding hearts sway	beside the path	
little birds fly far,	but big birds fly close to us,	the birds go away.
country town	a railway station	without tracks	
balmy evening	the stillness of sheets	on the line	
top of the falls	your voice somewhere	in its sound
summer dusk the babel of mynahs	in a banyan	
frozen blueberries	in a bowl of yogurt	by the fireside	
In the early morning	down on the white beach	a turtle without eyes	
snowmelt	a raspberry cane	springs back	
roadside huddle	of thatched roof huts	earthy rain scent	
overcast sky	news of a colleague's	nervous breakdown	
foggy morning	staring into the rosy depths	of hibiscus tea
with someone	who understands?	wind in the alders	
morning blue sky	a baker cleans	his oven	ciel bleu du matin	un boulanger nettoye	son four	
two men out on Mother's Day	discuss Freud's	Oedipus Complex	
scent of applewood...	pork bellies	in the smokehouse	
bright moon rises	dark water shines	poor man's paradise
sunrise . . .	a mountain's shadow	touches the city	
end of summer term	students' duties removed	from the whiteboard	
empty shelf?	dusty outlines of books	my parents read	
high-stepping,	an egret walks its shadow	across a white wall	
salty blue water	waving to the sandy shore	a roller coaster
i raise my head	from his chest, heartbeats	to crickets	
shadows and veins	shaping a red leaf	one brush stroke	
a flower-lined path	the latchkey kid	lets himself in	
evening walk	even the clouds	are dog shaped	
sunday afternoon??	end of a dog's leash	whipping through the grass	
pieces	of a robin's egg . . .	i look up	
noon heat	statue mime's hair	stirring	
the brown calf	breaks into a trot	spring breeze	
fire ant mound	against the flower pot	after the rain	
nice Spring day	kids draw in colored chalk	on the sidewalk	
opening the window	after lovemaking	the earth's fragrance	
our reflections	in?the?watchmaker's?window	winter stars	
foreign airport	a baby's cry	takes me farther from home
the patter and hiss	of gentle raining	cloudlight	
cold morning rain?	a poor man takes a doll	from the trash bin	
looking, looking	at the mandarin orange...	year's first calligraphy
sunlight through fog . . .	the half-life	of falling leaves
spring thaw??	under the hemlock	a handful of feathers	
clouds part??	a mantis silhouette	through the sunlit leaf	
clear lake	spring clouds glide	towards the dock	
white lilacs	beyond our grasp	the milky way
hot night the length of a siren
sugar maple	the fingerless gloves	of the fiddler
boys play past dusk	the smell of water	from a garden hose	
dark woods?	an owl glides out	into moonlight	
the smell	of a crushed beetle	things that don?t change	
mid-winter depression??	in my address book	crossing out the dead	
while his passengers sleep,	the bus driver watches dawn	break
gibbous moon	my son tells his part	of the story	
full moon . . .	shadows ripple through	the field of catnip	
blue frost	a man on the train	with too much to carry	
upcurls of morning fog . . .	the waterfall's lather	on boulder moss	
march winds??	a man with a comb-over	changes direction	
bristlecone pine	finding out	about myself
summer evening the scent of fresh loaves	as i pass the bakery	
during the rainstorm	the child's colouring-in	becomes more intense	
Japanese New Year	how small the new moon	in its halo	
backfire	a checkerspot in its sound	shifts direction
nest of black hair	secured with ball-point pens	office geisha
winter night . . .	i pick the last grain	of rice from the plate	
an owl's	daytime hoots	lunar eclipse	
cold rain...	the fishermen wade deeper	into the lake
landfill?	weeds growing over	some saddle shoes	
park twilight?	a light comes on	by itself	
first steps -	reflect projectors	on the strings of the banjo	
crescent moon . . .	moths come touching	spikes of the iris	
that foghorn bawl?	calf separated	from its mother	
wild mint	in the spring forest	a chance encounter	
dense fog?	the pine smudged	into shadow	
autumn rain??	she places his flowers	in the second-best vase	
the beginning	of my imagination	summer solstice	
i love the sound of hocking.	like the movie meet the fockers.	the men honk when they're horny
dense fog . . .	the train evaporates	into a distant horn	
desert breeze	the clay jugs broken	by shadow	
memories	floating in a tea cup	autumn moon	
the gap	between the mountains	filled with fog	
detox unit?	the apple leaf curls in	from both sides	
valentine's day	dropping coins into the wishing well	our reflections merge	
morning fog	the new graffiti is	minimal	
i write my haiku	by candlelight in my bed	so quiet outside.
these yellow hills	i let the cow	lick my palm
Autumn leaves	In front of the library	
minus tide . . .	a child sings	an ancient fishing song	
first snow,	the eyes of the sparrows	sharp and bright	
indian summer	the road crew plays catch	with a hardhat	
brightening sky	the low from street lamps	still lingers	your late night words	suffuse my day with warmth	
green moss on the wet roof;	springy shimmering soggy	starlings' comfy bed
fever dream	a bird chirps the refrain	from the latin mass	
following me	downriver to work:	the pastel moon	
deep winter	the armload of firewood	chills the kitchen
the headstones tilt	at different angles	dustings of snow	
river gravel	the stone	i once skipped	
bench in the woods	empty	except for my thoughts	
On the washing line	a bird in équilibre-	somewhere in Falluja	
white butterfly	drifting through all	she left behind
gloomy morning a worm follows an oil slick	down the gutter	
harbor stillness	a gull feather alights	on sunset colors	
recycling point...	one bin's slot is sealed	with a spider's web	
clear about	everything	the window washer
winter sunrise	blinking	between the boxcars	
terrace to the south	all shadows	feel anise	
a cicada's long cry . . .	pollen drifts through	twilight woods	
first light	dark limbs of the walnut	holding their snow
light from the snow;	my wife shows me a small bloom	on the hyacinth	
internet break	the smell of rain	and boggy earth	
live fish in the restaurant	we choose	tofu	
stream	meandering	lovers	
sunny afternoon?	a bee follows wildflowers	into my car	
my first bite	of persimmon—	a trace of Shiki	
fresh snow	for the hands,	for the face	
wearing dark glasses,	my friend visits	the psychic.
each needle	on the saguaro	first light	
geese going gone . . .	the thought of filling	my father's shoes	
moonglow	the hoot of an owl	circles the house	
slow rain	a night	of seed dreams	
sleeping alone??	i begin to learn	the cricket's song	
Recurve nail	One sign in the wall	Quadro Vecchio	
the pause	he takes on his flute??	spring rain	
New sheets.	I remember	your hands.	
cricket chorus	in the deep gravel ravine	jewel weed	
downpour	the dead animal smell	shifts toward memory	
honeysuckle	where you first hear	the river	
waterfall	a sad man's face	in the bark of a laurel	
haloed lights	in a snow-covered parking lot	hometown visit	
leaf raking	the swish-swish	of corduroy	
low tide?	a shorebird's call	rises from the mud	
a dry creek bed?	ghost limbs	of the cottonwoods	
gust of wind	the candy wrapper tacks across	a puddle	
pile of ironing -	in the skirt of summer	three pine nuts	
day moon	the street vendor's arms	gleaming with bangles	
childhood home	i park in the shade	of my cherry stone
record cold	the flattened bubbles	of river ice	
the old wind chimes	in the basement for winter	tinkle from my sigh	
shifting clouds?	an alligator swallows	the big yellow moon	
in the eye	of the cardboard politician	seagull shit
may sky??	from head to tail	the cardinal's vibrato	
summer afternoon	the boy to school window	reads the clouds	
against his coat	i brush my lips	the silence of snowflakes
harvest moon rising...	the smell	of his new jaguar	
long afternoon	a fly rides	the pendulum	
distant stadium cheers:	a black branch releases	a drop of dew	
groundhog day	six more springs until	my social security
Grey and rainy	Going with my Mother	To a senior's complex	
long train journey??	a man brings on	the smell of autumn	
the kite	caught by a tree	still flying	
cotton fields	the only white left	is the snow	
monsoon clouds -	a heron bathes in a pool	of light	
autumn	the great blue	gone from the marsh	
deep night...	a dog sniffs	the moonlit toad	
spring breeze??	the cat bats a few	feathers around	
candle drippings	on the epitaph-	a broken word	
overturned boat,	drawn high on the shore -	drumming of rain	
snowflakes glued	to the kindergarten window	no two alike
mackerel sky	first gold leaves spangle	the maple	
highland lake??	burnt button grass	on both sides of the moon	
frosted grass	the new calves	butt heads	
his old hands	working the soil -	smell of brewed tea	
cherry smoke	on the mantel nail	her white dress	
spring cleaning...	painting over	last year's mosquitoes	
humid summer night	the small town casts a glow	on slow-moving clouds	
unseasonable heat?	a woodpecker	in the lightning scar	
an ice cream truck	stands on Fifth Avenue	it tastes the same	
writing to an old friend?	a firefly just outside	my window	
mom's birthday?	the phone line drops	an icicle	
cold rain	sharp as nails	late afternoon	
trees barely green	the latest graduates	stumble into line	
snowmelt	in the stump's hollow	a sparrow bathes	
campfire circle	a friend's back	leans against mine	
blue sky	a woman wearing a burka	looks up	
crocus	after such a long time	saying yes
under this basholess	pre-dawn sky	how rough	the angle of loneliness	along this eastern sea
midday	deep in the agave	light and shadow	
market stroll??	rotating a coin	in my pocket	
mild winter	cloaking the creek	tundra swans	
dead of winter	i was where i am	when the snow began	
the gold light	of an autumn day	the autumn sea	
chemo again trying not to notice	the lawn's brown spots	
waiting room	stars appear	one by one	
sheep back	from shearing??	spring breeze	
poking flowerpots	to see if they need water??	her faded house dress	
how to spell	the nuthatch's call?	delivery truck in reverse	
a single bubble	after the beaver dives	the rising moon	
more piercing	in the autumn mist	the blackbird's song	
autumn sunrise??	a muskrat grooms the dew	into its coat	
dining out	next to the window	her coat
storm clouds	the valley darkens	farm by farm	
longest night	the strains of carolers	come and gone	
first snow	how lightly	the cat steps
waiting for the sun	the clouds hide his face	first cup of coffee	
whispers	of ancient water-song	the red planet	
early frost	a scatter of termites	from tonight's log	
Veterans' cemetery	a wide expanse of lawn	beyond the graves.	
split white birch	a beaver's wake	reaches shore	
roots of the dead spruce	reach out bony fingers	secret life exposed	
eventide?	crows find the last piece	of blue sky	
shooting star	what do fish	see at night?	
my writing flows	as my heart pours	my spirit soars free
icy road	a cloud covers the moon	in the dead deer's eyes	
a weed in my hand	magic in yours	dandelion	
to start	the fire	obituaries	
trail's end??	the taste of wild onion	still sharp on my tongue	
new housing	hammer and saw replace	the dove's coo	
spring wind	a man with wooden hands	unfolds a paper	
undulation	of a faded flag-	autumn afternoon	
Fly,	be afraid!	No Buddhists in this house!	
starless night	the first bite	of black bread
snakes are eating mice,	they are very mean today,	i think one saw me.
watching clouds	the white petals	of a crushed crocus	
the fog lifts	ripened tomatoes	weight the trellis	
sunny day	salt on the facade	the shadow of the smoke	
light snow	a sweep of starlings	over the barn
get rid of clutter	i find it rests my thinking	the moon and i zen
rainy Baltimore	umbrella blossoms	in cafe windows	
winter commute	the train's momentum	in the small of my back	
summer shower	we pass through	to a dry street	
sudden cold -	she reads and rereads a book	jams	
winter sun . . .	the soft flicker of waxwings	in the firethorn	
cold night -	the deeper levels of dreams	and fears	
through the screen door a cat's meow and lilacs
remembrance day	traffic sounds crisscross	the bagpipes	
cold morning sea	an old man towels	himself in the sunlight
robin	against the blue sky?	my retirement plan	
a long meeting	permanent marker	on the erasble whiteboard	
clay on the wheel	deep breath	reaching for the centre	
traffic jam	melting snow runs	on the windshield	
Friday afternoon downpour	a beer truck stops	to unload	
hot rock by the stream	each of the babys toeprints	evaporating
nobody sees	the red persimmons	abandoned garden	
indian summer	small boys run naked	on the tide line	
daylight moon??	the pregnant moose	settles into snow	
scattered sun	one chickadee	louder than the rest	
prayer group	eight candle flames flicker	with our breath	
red lobster-	her prying glance	through the mist	
spring sunshine	on a high branch a plastic bag	puffs out its chest	
the first bird	to break silence . . .	hour of the wolf	
oversleeping	her doctor's appointment	in her dreams
race weekend	the worn paths	to the restrooms	
thaw	a winter moth struggles	against a spider thread	
three kicks	starting it??	autumn morning	
our shadows holding hands the width of the stubble field
bag of beer	snail trails leave it	from all directions	
summer's end	two flies fighting	over me	
breathe in	breathe out	autumn moon	
outstretched arms	of a giant saguaro	afterglow	
overnight rain	a reflection by the runway	levitates
rain on leaves tiles earth	flute notes slither through	the water sounds	
sunlit porch?	a butterfly alights	on mail from overseas	
white moth,   flutter off:   fly back into   my breast now   quickly, my own soul!
700,000 olive trees remember the butterfly	
eiderdown	on the river	august moon	
high school reunion . . .	we view the leaves falling	in different ways	
long walk home??	kicking a stone	for company	
this morning the sun	a fried egg on a plate	of blue china	
full moon	only you at my window	an empty face	DID loneliness wipe away	the last traces of passion?	
billabong splash	the next turtle climbs	to the snag's tip	
75 today	I walk through a puddle	because I can	
lightning bugs...	the baby's lashes flutter	against my cheek
the words unspoken...	waiting for the toast	to pop up
Fragrant spring blossom	children play outside until	there is no more light.	
brackish pond?	just a hint of the bullhead	in the blackness	
blue sky morning	the hospital huffs	the only clouds	
barefoot	the bride wrings seawater	out of her train	
a crow pecks	at something small and still . . .	autumn dunes	
late fall??	squirrelways	in the canopy	
spring butterfly	the little boy's shadow	first to reach it	
flickering lights . . .	he notices my handwriting	on the presents from santa	
almost dawn	cupped in the curve of the moon	the rest of the moon
in utter stillness	the incense	changes direction
midnight	nobody's name	to whisper	
together	we watch the eclipse	far apart	
open jalousies	the missing scent	of his cologne	
summer solstice	the long tips of lavender	bent by bees
the time here is brief	chamber music fills the hall	when peace rules the dawn.
the cat starts	to have an attitude	the year of the tiger	
back from war	the soldier cleans	his room	
storm warning	the watercolorist works	in shades of grey	
going back	into the memento box	everything fits	
prying	at the window...	wind	
hayshed	the old iron roof	straining daylight	
ants working late	in the afternoon sun . . .	a drifting contrail	
early morning fog:	waving good-bye	to a school bus	
eclipse	our wedding rings	one inside the other	
monday morning	ant traffic on the main stem	of the rose	
night fishing	all we imagine	still out there	
summer heat	the grin on the face	of my neighbor's dog	
sketching the sapling	i will never see grown	the quiet woods
gone to seed	a wish not mine	breezes by	
bright summer sun:	a black dragonfly tests one weed	after another	
small window	and a bird too fast	to name	
indian simmer -	bummers'	lang sheddaes	
morning fog	listening	to minimalist music	
older suburb	woven through	with wild plum blossom	
first buttercup	three lines of coke	on the kitchen table	
still the spent firework's	cordite smell -	nest of serpents	
spring sunshine	the friendliness of the girl	who serves me	
gypsy violin . . .	the wheat harvest	sparkling with fireflies	
towing	a rainbow	baby duck	
end of yuletide??	i harvest all the balls	from the christmas tree	
clank of iron?	two butterflies ascend	in their mating dance	
from the stream	two mallards fly straight up	through falling leaves
estate sale	her paint-by-number christ	half finished	
sheen of web	across a shattered pot	the barn's splintered light	
nameless dirt road	and at the end of it	a field of potato blossoms	
dry leaves	on the trampoline . . .	the foster child's fifth placement	
blood pours from mouth,	the undead is back,	rise of a vampire,
the sound	of meltwater	wood frogs	
wisteria blossoms...	the faint memories	of grandmother's lace	
waiting room	someone whispers	?be morning soon?	
zinnias . . .	why yes my favorite	was harpo	
gathering clouds	the rusty tractor	in a deep rut	
the long day??	a mason drizzles mortar	between flagstones	
chasing pigeons	a little girl releases	her father's hand
late season	christmas lights illuminate	a golden buddha	
between windows	the space the spider	lived and died	
happy hour	she tells the bartender	she lost her wedding ring	
from both sides	of the border	cockcrow	
dry autumn	the fading vibrance	of a spider lily	
dust storm	the red kelpie	blending in
at the feeder	more birds than room	the smell of snow	
campfire coffee...	condor wings glean	the first rays of sun	
endless winter	more soft snow as we await	a new grandchild	
cherries in bloom	the delicate application	of makeup to bruise
the sun is very bright,	while we sit there in the light,	the sun is setting.
if there were   fragrance   these heavy snow-   flakes settling...   lilies on the rocks
falling oak leaf??	dance macabre	of its shadows	
single living	i allow the tea kettle	a full whistle	
on the calendar	mark red circles	my path	
open market	the gypsy baby clutches	a grape in her fist
muggy evening	a door slams shut	in the dead man's house	
alone again	...the last raspberry	sharp on my tongue
new boy in town	throwing snowballs	at his own snowman	
morning commute	sprinklers soaking	the strawberry fields	
the curandera	lights a candle to the virgin	before mixing the herbs
an eighth grader's voice	changes during announcements	these lengthening days
children's voices	the ducks	swim closer	
drifting snow	lambs inside the barn	inside the ewes	
mosquitoes	the slap of feet	in the dojo	
yukon hike	water sloshes to the beat	of the bear bell	
early morning snow	the janitor shaves	at a barbershop sink	
heavy rain	the old rubber boots	not tall enough	
night	in the hallway my steps	guided by the moon	
tornado alley	the debris includes	foreclosure signs	
july 4th??	small talk over beer	with a redcoat	
outgoing tide	a funeral	at the cliff's edge	
long afternoon . . .	the peanut vendor's bell	jingles in another street	
Morning info -	the grain composition	in seven languages	
winter morning	the rattle of a shuttle	across the white threads	
green grass	my hopes	just so high	
the garden by moonlight	only jasmine	and white roses	
deep winter?	a man outside the market	feeds crows from his hand	
On the Ferris wheel	reaching up	to stroke the moon	
laurel hedge	submerged by waste	glory in decay	
muted sunshine	the old cat stalks	with a limp	
heat lightning	the skull of a deer	in the tall grass	
breaking heat wave??	the slow return	of wind chimes	
butterfly	lingering on the breeze	her first kiss	
crosswalk	a bickering couple	against the light
sky clouds	the church spire	so still	
winter chill -	shredded plastic	in a barbed wire fence	
first day of the year -	I change the blade	My razor	
cat's paws crawling	across a lake's surface area	silent morning	
wishbone	as we pull it apart	i change my mind
full moon	on the sandbar	cormorants hide their eyes	
steady rain . . .	i fall short of being the human	i wish to be	
crescent moon	a new path	to scatter seeds	
lovers down the beach	turn out to be	driftwood	
evening walk	same flickering glow	house to house	
the laughter	of elderly friends	magnolia rain	
winter commute	the face of a missing child	exits
alpine meadow?	i lean on my walking stick	to pick blueberries	
lower and higher	higher but not sure	first spring peeper	
visiting the graves	stronger the October wind	at my grandparents'	
autumn light	the cantor sings	a sinner's prayer	
sunlight	into?the?open?grave	a?handful?of?earth	
heart of winter	a sunbeam on the mat	below the letterbox	
oak stump-	i remember the hornets	last summer	
crossroads	the brown core	of an apple	
frozen pond	white antlers rise	through the ice
mountain sunset	an eagle rides	the downslope wind
starless night	Las Vegas spills	over the desert	
last cast	a fisherman's breath	becomes river mist	
March warms up	the barmaid opens	another button on her skirt	
daylight moon?	the shadows of bubbles	under the ice	
wedding photo -	towering over the groom	the bride's son	
record heat??	a moth the color of heather	on the heather	
always a few steps	ahead of me	grasshopper
spring morning	the raven goes	where the wind went	
a soda can	shot full of holes	spring sun	
colors	before the display of bra	the reluctant photographer	
lover's quarrel	the tea kettle	silenced	
a walk to the beach	the asphalt road changes	to sand	
moonlight swim??	i sink in my shadow	and come up in his	
softening	my new jacket	spring rain	
old guard escorting me	coughing like bullfrog	cigarette smoke for breath
full moon??	a shadow under the curl	of each wave	
independence day	slowly the clouds	drift upstream	
sagging cedar rail . . .	wind works its way	through the bluestem	
garage sale	'tales of power'	for half price	
lightning flash	both cats asleep	on the tile floor	
instant messages	Moon Reveals blackberries	Each night of herself	
egrets	plucking shadows	at dusk	
a spider weaves	among the rosehips?	no one at home	
moonrise	a woman croons	to her baby	
the mouse eating seed	the black cat in the grasses	life at a standstill
proposing...	the weightlifter's adam's apple	goes up & down
rumbling ocean	old stories	circle the campfire	
the smell	of root-bearing earth . . .	these restless hands	
warm night	one moth still bumps	the extinguished lamp	
late afternoon	up to its belly in hyacinths	a pregnant buffalo	
spring evening	playing my piano	for all the street to hear
outdoor wall	banyan shoot curls	in my shadow	
pale crocus??	pretending this is	our first kiss	
spring morning	flies return	to a crab carcass	
egret stands	in the blue rice field,	dusk creeps in	
late frost	warmth of the tea mug	against my cheek	
paper cranes	the yellow birch unpleats	its leaves	
garden path??	the same weeds	in their country	
december deluge?	swept downstream	everything but the moon	
new buterfly...	folded wings	lean into the wind
night heat??	the rising scent	of mosquito repellant	
morning frost?	the moon too	is melting	
starless Sky-	dead batteries	in the flashlight	
back to school??	slug trails	on home plate	
Heavy the heads of darkened sunflowers, I wonder, how long do I have	
light lace curtains	caught by a breeze??	dandelion seeds	
midnight -	the windy silence	of the sickle moon	
mandala	monk glance	to his watch	
muggy night	a lizard on the window screen	- motionless	
the end of summer?	a seagull and i	share the sandbar	
ocean breeze	a strand of seaweed	steadies the kite
longest winter	the potato basket	empty	
leisurely gossip	our neighbor's dog	snaps at flies	
for a cool   evening   i hired the   old temple porch ...   penny in the dish
suddenly	a piano while	the moon rises	
no longer lovers	the rosebush you gave me	has bloomed at last	
Ghetto in the morning	lined up, cold,	against the wall	
easter egg hunt	grandma hints where	the purple one lies	
anonymous room	shadow splashing gray	the unnamed woman	
waking	into absence	late winter	
getting colder	no hop left	in the grasshopper	
of wings	Bats -	night descends	
an hour's walk	and getting nowhere?	the treadmill	
nuclear disaster	the heads of state	share a cucumber	
sweet tea steam	dissolving	the man in the moon	
late-night foghorns . . .	straightening the cut line	on a pan of brownies	
spring sky	a seagull enters	our selfie
summer rain...	drinking tea to the cadence	of falling leaves	
poetry meeting	I try to read my haiku...	a frog in my throat	
first day of school	the line of children	at the pencil sharpener	
Summer haze	she wears	a beige bikini	
pink sunrise	the black seeds	of a watermelon	
moonless night??	in the harvested wheat field	i, too, am empty	
cold moon	the sound of my words	in her eyes	
Dry tank -	the trace of a snail	on the stone wall	
breathless quiet	of a summer evening . . .	ship in a bottle	
harvest moon...	a new song in	the rice field	
honeybees browsing	on the flowering hostas	even in this heat.
Now the shore is grey	and the wind is sharp with rain.	Some day we'll sit close	on these white rocks, talking of	nothing in particular.	
shanty town??	the jagged edges	of moonlight	
winter or not	buttons to it	are open	
canyon?wall?	a'spring'sunset?draws?up	the?evening'shade	
sheets of rain	a calf huddles closer	to the cowherd	
winter rain	walking on ice	the way it wants to be walked on
new leaves	pattered by rain...	cardinal song	
her Sunday dress	the color of bruises	merging	
dark so soon	a stand of pines	with snow-broken limbs	
that butterfly	i thought was a dead leaf??	indian summer	
fall foliage -	eyes glued to the screen	his mobile	
cracked ice	the eagle's tail feathers	spread wide apart	
after the storm...	stuck to the window	two leaves side by side	
heart failure	folding the sails	before nightfall
frost-covered window	i add a rubber ducky	to the buddle bath
Sunday best	his overalls	washed and ironed	
september rays -	my son's shadow	lengthens	
autumn equinox	salamanders cross the road	from both sides	
high-tension wires	hum above the prairie . . .	a few drifting clouds	
strolling policeman	even the spider hides	behind the bench	
summer	one bumblebee	deepens the hum
cicada song	just enough embers	to rekindle the fire	
home alone	i enter the crawl space	of a younger self	
hot as blazes	a sinkful	of cat	
through autumn's dusk	the computer wanes and hums	one hundred crows	
high tide	wild blackberry canes	overtake the shore	
sunset?	the butterfly and i	just in time	
white roads	leading nowhere	Happy New Year?	
no longer a	mirror, this lake chasing	geese into darkness	
just over the fence	a constellation of stars	trucks and	
the sea	with the final say	widow's walk	
chemo drip	i wish i could give you the moon	instead	
Day of Thanksgiving -	bountiful harvest	bought cheaply	
Obama's news conference	I turn off	Mozart	
mosquito	and I	blood brothers	
quaker meeting	through the open door the sound	of a small boy's wee
one tree	downhill from the others	the limit of shadows	
rugby scrum	a cloud of breath	floats above	
remembrance day?	the thin sound of a bugle	wavers in the rain	
picnic	in the sun-dappled courtyard	my freckled banana
first morning	the marks of a moth	in old laundry	
swollen river	a jacaranda bud	in the child's palm	
last light . . .	the mockingbird	tries a new song	
fireflies	and i get to stay out	as long as i like	
overcast -	the next door pianist	hits a sour note	
a chill	just before the drizzle	wind chime notes	
winter pear	my breath condenses	on the knife	
Harvest moon	too much light	for field mice	
jays at the feeder	i remember the names	of high school bullies	
just for a moment	sun	on the cut flowers	
butterfly wings	Their so loud flapping	in a temple's Silence	
between	silent construction cranes	the Milky Way	
stocking	empty to the toe	the spray of citrus	
a change in their voices . . .	children finding	a fledgling	
new year's day...	spent bottle-rockets	in the road	
pure blue	a broken	robin's egg	
clearing sky a young gull	tests the wind	
cold rain -	thousands like me	going to work	
stifling heat	a palm frond suggests	there is a breeze	
fallen?leaf'scent?of?unsipped?whiskey	
new moon	the night watchman	goes unseen
fording the river	the moment closest	to neither bank	
open blinds	night blooming jasmine	and stars	
first snow	footprints from an office building	veer off toward the park	
dusk moon	a child's ball bobs	on the ebb tide	
daisy chain??	a tick	already gorged	
morning glories	find their way to the sun	on barbed wire	
under the table	my knee touches my grandson's	the lengthening days
storm clouds building	re-enactors gather	for an understood outcome	
winding road at dusk	the logger slows down	for a deer
crosswinds	just a black centre	on the straw poppy
for the emperor   himself he will not   lift his hat ...   a stiff-backed scarecrow
first snow	a stranger at	my parents' grave	
full moon . . .	everything in its place	in the kitchen	
sun's rise	the voices of crows	Lift It Higher	
starry night	the queue for skates	moves slowly	
high autumn sky...	in the world of men	voices of insects	
star gazing...	one frog answers	another
ocean breeze	a pitcher and his interpreter	walk to the bullpen	
home from the lawyer	my old soft shimmy	and a bowl of huckleberries	
long tunnel?	commuters look away	from themselves	
first blossoms	a breeze shifts something	in each room	
guided hike?	beyond the talk	quiet woods	
solar eclipse	the cat aroused	by settling birds	
late summer flowers . . .	the joy	of a good sneeze	
the kettle.filled with snow,	hunger moon	
now and then	when my neighbour is away	blackberries	
warm spring day	a nun joins the schoolgirls	at skip rope	
Spring fever	a cobra escapes from	the Bronx Zoo	
frost at the window	a bowl of white rice	steaming
sunlight on the wall?	brushing against the yellow	my deep blue shadow	
sphagnum moss	the secret to	where fog lives	
trains come and go	but the same people	drinks at bar	
starting to   call you:   come watch   these butterflies ...   oh! i'm all alone
a long detour	around cloud mountain	mud-caked boots	
a crack in dark clouds	a kid works out Rubik Cube	as he walks	
August blue sky	a Chinese dragon	fuming	
absorbing the warmth,	reflecting the summer's light:	chenresig statue.
the pastor's daughter	her Sunday dress	the color of bruises	
autumn creek	the thrush hops	to a smaller rock	
part maggot	part bone	part prayer	
moonless night	the splinter deep	in my finger	
winter solstice	passing her	bends the candle's flame	
woman touches a name	while looking at	an old photo
the war off again	a higgledy-piggledy pile	of pistachio shells
nearly spring	the refrigerator magnet	losing its grip	
train whistle...	palm prints linger	against the glass	
cobwebs??	the smile on	buddha's face	
heat lightning??	christmas beetles	spangle the fly screen	
Cold sea	and warm air merge	fog horns	
mountain fog	below the rope bridge	nothingness
yellow but cold	light	in the river-mist
empty farmhouse	a vine wrapped around	the weathervane	
crashing waves	power walkers	swing their arms	
sunflowers in bloom	white flags	marking bodies	
lullaby lyrics . . .	the graceful curve	of a snowfield	
lilies in bloom	i launch the boat	in another place	
a skipping stone	strikes the moored sailboat . . .	autumn drizzle	
first light	an unknown bird	sings me awake	
minute of silence . . .	a single fir needle	on the hardwood floor	
spring rain	the soft click of marbles	on the kitchen floor	
asleep	a golden dot on her ear	bus forty one	
cut into cubes	apple quarters -	the moon in the window	
winter wind	a wasp nest tumbles	from the eaves	
first light	beads of water linger	on the prayer plant	
autumn gusts	the ragged flight path	of a grey heron	
underside	of the flower pot	one hundred legs	
with each sip	from the bottle	moonlight on my face	
last glimpse of her garden	all those old shadows	overlapping
Monday Snow	not deleted	not the factor	
spring in the air -	the stone path to the mailbox	well polished	
divorced poets	share	the same page	
orion's belt	my words byte by byte	to another continent	
heat storm	a quick breath between flash	and crashing thunder	
switchbacks	five or six cub scouts	an octave higher
end of summer??	the beachcomber palms	a cigarette	
a thousand temple bells	the noise of the cell block
Black Friday	starts at midnight	a long line to buy bagels	
summer wind	the blue jay's reflection	in the birdbath	
One just sits	And blue dawn light floods	his poor house.	
a handful of kindling	in the fireplace??	moving day	
through the storm	knowing	the mountain is there	
twilight	the rough ends	of two-by-fours	
solar eclipse	the valley fills with	howls	
wild pond	step by step a turtle	meets the heat	
on stone	two dates and a core	- hopscotch	
smoky moon	a cloud of insects around	the street light	
dog days	through every window	the night train's whistle
drizzle -	a moth	in the net	
in seat 12a	she holds a vase of lilacs	on her lap	
the path to heaven,	is paved with spikes and thorns but,	reaching is divine
more footsteps??	the broken branch	breaks again	
this long drought	tumbleweeds	still tumbling
skin	is all i know of me . . .	distant thunder	
early dawn	the warmth of our son	between us	
shimmering beneath the glaze	blue brush strokes	on the chinese ginger jar	
instant	tea ceremony	in the bag
first sunrise -	a fallen camellia	shines on my path	
square little windows	the laughter of women	at work inside
waiting for the light,	umbrellas touch?	rapids in the gutter	
huge limbs of the live oak	their reaching out	over the young grass
leaving    all the morning glories    closed
bleu roi	a thousand flying foxes	quarter moon	
first snow	deer enter the orchard	on tiptoe	
goldenrod	bending	heatwaves	
widow's cottage??	rosemary edges closer	to the door	
Arizona	road rest stop, the dog sniffs	yellow snow	
see, see, see!   oh see!   oh what to say?   ah yoshino ...   mountain-all-abloom!
valentine's day . . .	at the back of the greenhouse	withered poinsettias	
twenty years of marriage	an orchid to another	in cobweb	
autumn afternoon	in fresh concrete	the pattern of a leaf
opening day	for sidewalk dining??	a waitress pulls weeds	
stained glass sunray	into the chalice?	the creaking of knees	
bone cold	the lights from shore	lost to fog	
dark	clouds	a pigeon	on the last	streetlight	
twilight lingers	the thousand echoes	of her wordless things	
winter sunrise the random tilt	of beaver-chewed trees	
just can?t help it	correcting the grammar	of the blues singer	
dangerous intersection	always fresh flowers	on one way sign pole	
spring rain?	dad's name misspelled	in the obituary	
colors of autumn	the russet alone is enough	for a heart lift	
winter morning traffic	on a car window	a girl draws a garden
afternoon heat	the beggar's book	without a cover	
the stone cutter's yard	polished granite blocks reflect	a blossoming peach
autumn dusk	a word that will do	for the one i can't find
spider on the threshold	a second round	the latch	
the first night	the bright star's	below the horizon	
fading light . . .	pink-footed geese wade	into the sun	
a baby's lost sock	soaking up the dew	dandelion spheres	
early winter light?	a flock of starlings rise	from the shadows	
under trees and sky	the baby studies	her hands
in the no-name vine	bluebirds	at the red berries	
too bright	to contain itself . . .	ring around the moon	
farm for sale	the grandchild picks	a bouquet of weeds	
Christmas truce -	a small spider	through the kitchen	
two ancient   pine-trees ...   a pair of gnarled   and sturdy hands   with ten green fingers
guests arrive?	in our greetings	a cloud of gnats	
moonlit door	the cat's ears point	to the dark	
a bullock cart	loaded high with shoe boxes	the driver’s cracked feet	
hot morning	a bright red poppy buzzes	with seven bees	
still no sunshine	I eat	an orange	
lightning strike	the majestic poplar's	creamy heartwood	
A Rainy cool day	promise of Kona coffee	from Honolulu	
ebb tide	the other tracks in the sand	also mine	
August	all singers insects	day and night	
mountain stillness??	the loon call	held by the lake	
ocean floor	the ribs and backbone	of the fishing boat
birds just want to be	free as their wings let them be	cages cause them pain
dry thunder	the sound of sparrows	in sunflowers	
winter morning??	a roof beam swings	in the blue	
summer night	a worm bites through the silence	in a fallen acorn
ame no yoru	niwa no iwa ni wa	mizu no oto	
winter storm watch	beware of falling	stock prices	
vending machines,	so many snacks,	so much diversity,
toll booth lit for christmas	from my hand to hers	warm change
also	in the fog	the scent of autumn	
morning train	everyone is	on the same page	
cool the alley	through the grillwork swirls	cat pee smell
st. francis's feast	a fly crawls across	the communion wafers	
Rainy day	Through windows	The yellow jasmine	
morning walk	through an open window	
men walk down the moonlit path,	kimonos dangling,	like pagan gods,
still	childless:	milkweed
husband away	washing his socks	by hand	
withering leaves	the lawyer to write his will	rings the doorbell	
twilight?	three magnolia seeds	left in the pod	
still some song	in the four strings left??	summer's end	
the smell of wet earth	streetlight halos in the rain;	yukatta raincoat	
the beautiful girl,	danced with elegance and grace,	it is living art.
april stars	two brass buttons	on the nightstand	
moonlight	on the temple roof -	and silence	
carving emoticons	in ice cream . . .	lonely town	
Exposed roots.	The tree outside her	childhood home	
still wet	after crossing	spring wind	
March	a broken umbrella	crosses the street	
dry leaves	the old archer	curves his eyebrow
along with the tide	a ribbon of kelp	fishes itself ashore	
starry night	biting into a melon	full of seeds
a hawk's eye?	autumn gusts rattle	the beech leaves	
ebb tide	the shell i keep reaching for	carried further away	
no last goodbye	so soundlessly the turtle	returns to the sea	
southern breeze??	a goldfinch drinks	from the air conditioner	
winter stars . . .	i learn to paint	empty spaces	
paul mccartney,	a conspiracy theory:	he's really a douche	
after the funeral	the onion moves him	to tears
the heat??	two old men argue	over a parking space	
starry night	fragments of conversation	drift over new snow	
first ride	without the training wheels??	summer breeze	
hazy dusk . . .	no one bothered to plow	the graveyard road
i am going out   ...   be good and play   together   my cricket children
dimly lit porch	the newspaper boy	no longer a boy	
winter twilight -	she studies the face	in her mirror	
marbled weather	gulls in free fall	over the ocean	
indian summer . . .	the deadhead pruner	returns to her easel	
an inchworm	grasping thin air	christmas morning	
listen to the sound	poised on a tender rose	the warmth of my tears
still sky	no birds, no breeze	morning after the war	
of fog -	the sizzle of the line	high voltage	
spring rain	the door to the cuckoo clock	about to open	
clanging cymbals?	the rooster joins	the worship	
turning tide . . .	a barnacle waits	on a limpet	
a temple garden	snowy path to bronze bell	having deep footprints	
October last Sunday	lost an hour	resetting an old clock	
picasso	i see different wife	my in a way	
slow rain??	losing myself in	birdbath circles	
october moon?	a waterstrider dimples	the gilded stream	
spring equinox	the precise pitch	of a sparrow	
we pass	humming different tunes	winter moon	
snow glare??	the scent of lotion	on a pair of sunglasses	
new bathing suits	filling the boat	with laughter	
orion rising	she reaches to loosen	the pup's collar
hogmanay bangers -	in thair new hame refugee	bairns wauken skirlin	
silbury hill -	my wife pregnant with our	first child	
my favorite shade	of green in fashion again	-spring
dining alone	the festival lights	keep a regular beat	
brilliant moon??	sharp shadows of lemons	on the stone steps	
melted snowman	one white cloud drifts	across the puddle	
scattered bones?	the dog puts on the scent	of the dead	
too young	to own a cottontail	?our silence	
moonlight	the stream flows from shadow	to shadow	
no way out	death's at the door	demanding candy	
freeway drizzle	he helps his only daughter	move out	
their last picnic	a cold wind folds her corner	of the blanket
first winter night??	stifling heat	in the chicken shack	
black tarmac?	that instant	before the snowflake melts	
dusty trail?	the same thoughts	as yesterday	
a few leaves	still on the trees...	the train's faint call
macrocarpa shade	lengthens over the hill-slope:	autumn afternoon	
brush strokes??	morning light warms	the spring roses	
late train	all the highlighted passages	in his bible	
broken	magnolia bloom	still inviting bees	
summer's end...	a float and line dangle	from the pine
in the dark part	of her wardrobe -	a snout, eyes	
morning cool . . .	silhouettes of the faithful	murmuring chants	
a wild daisy	by grandfather's grave	our son mows around it	
christmas far from home??	the odor of hay and manure	from an open barn	
i will go on	alone but not	friends are with me
the?taste	of?the?last?word	summer?theatre	
spring evening	under a black umbrella	phone number and key	
a single breath	the ember	comes to life	
thanksgiving	the two of us	and a salmon	
reading the paper . . .	the dog sniffs	my shoes	
garden path . . .	in the space between thoughts	the first drop of rain	
taifuu ya	sugi tatta ba ni	hikari ari	
my pregnant daughter	watches	the stone bullfrog	
after the rain	on my vegetable patch	a new crop of stones
yellow leaves	a girl plays hopscotch	by herself	
through closed eyelids	lightning strikes	my dream	
windfall tomatoes:	a rabbit zigzags	the garden row	
nicht fushin -	wi the muin an orion...	pisces	
deep winter	the lemon seeds also	sliced in half	
sunday paper	a night's drift of leaves	against the stoop	
least bittern . . .	i hold the paddle tight	against the current	
the laden wagon   runs   bumbling and creaking   down the road...   three peonies tremble
flashing white	on the evening path?	rump of a rabbit	
In the hall	Open umbrellas	Upside down	
idle conversation??	swallow shadows	crisscross the sand	
a night of fireflies	and cricket song...	the end of summer	
that same music	again and again	winter rain	
map unfolded	an earwig scurries	from main roads	
opium poppies	droop with yellow dust ...	wind from the gobi	
tngrs	bhnd th bk shds -	txtg	
she speaks English	with a Provence accent	I order a glass of rosé	
our dialogue strains	in minutes to the day's clock;	nighttime alarmums.
afternoon fog	Jimi Hendrix	sings	
heart drawn in dust	by the old indian...	rain
receding surf...	for every clamshell	a sandy wake
letting the day take me . . .	a sea otter	floats on its back	
dewdrop, let me   cleanse   in your brief   sweet waters ...   these dark hands of life
putting on	her faded levi's	the undertaker
summer clouds . . .	the steps to the lighthouse	are painted blue	
third inning	a shot over the wall	raises a dove	
dozy afternoon...	the bangle-seller's call	the length of an alley	
autumn storm	lightning flashes	on buddah's belly	
planting tulips	for a moment	liking myself
biting wind?	the pink plastic flamingo	turns south	
a single leaf falling	and with it	the morning dew
autumn evening	the neighbor's turtle tank	glows	
The blue iris	colour changing hue	soft Summer rain	
August heat	pregnancy test results the	Become clear	
A fine mist	covers the tall cedars	foggy glasses	
summer morning	even green barley field	surrounds the ruined abbey	
with a pink crayon	she points the way?	cherry petals	
The thyme	has gone to seed	summer's end.	
teenagers	exchanging promises	summer's end	
fading oil worker	bedded now, and filled with tar	counting his regrets	
late snow??	in the wire basket	onion sprouts	
her eyes	a hesitant dog leads	a woman into a subway car	
our legs	stir up phosphorescence	the heat	
day moon	the call of a goose	from the south bank	
beautiful orchard-	i gather the summer past	from the ripe pears
summer reunion	she ties a seaweed bracelet	on her sister's wrist	
back and forth	leaf shadow weaves	over the loom	
winter's end	the dreamcatcher's web	coated with dust	
she strokes	my thinning hair	winter moonlight	
hunger moon	the sound of squirrel teeth	on a hazelnut	
waterfall	near the end of dry season	a black groove in the stone	
growing sideways	in the deep forest?	a single birch	
selfish mother	her voice does not reach	white chrysanthemums
blue sky	in the far distance . . .	still penniless	
venus overhead	wolf tracks crisscross	in the snow	
calling home	my recorded voice tells me	i can't talk now
snowed in	this frothy cappuccino	too hot to drink
low tide	a shorebird's call	rises from the mud	
the house-fronts	changing color	in the rain	
more than the shining sun	in the morning	I want her	
snow rain snow rain snow	i forgot the construction	buffalo weather
central park	after a jogger	the pigeons regroup	
january thaw	the narrow path	fading away
deep in the woods	the mourning doves	deeper	
cold shadow -	the cicadas	stopped short	
stone causeway	the creek's summer flow	rearranging pebbles	
garage sale?	memories	for a quarter	
scent of lilacs	my dog waits for me	to catch up	
spattering rain the pulse in a sparrow's throat
eighteen holes ahead	the ground is covered in leaves	great things are to come
still sun-warmed...	the pulled-out scarecrow	in my arms
new bookshelves	the poetry my cat finds	in an empty box	
a lamb's cry	scudding clouds over	the cemetery wall	
as always	that's?where?the'story?begins	wild mustard	
abandoned farmhouse:	the quiet bedroom where i	feared the dark
gentle breaths	the window's	frost etchings	
an island	glossy swiped	under the door	
past midnight	and a dripping tap	a man's voice somewhere	
I wake beside	my daughter's sick bed	a howling dog	
spring rain	i've upset	the little stack of coins
spring	full moon	new roses	
anniversary	of my father's death	leaves falling off a mountain	
summer stars	hot buttered corn	on our smiles	
he speaks of you	and for a moment	it is you
winter morning	the flag-draped coffins	of a few	
winter silence . . .	another armload	of junk mail	
early thaw??	a kitten puts his front paws	on the windowsill	
their hands lightly touch	at the nursing home picnic	a raindrop or two	
seaside cabin	a picture window	in every room	
the slow blink	of radio tower lights	?autumn chill	
rainy May Sunday	at a bus stop	an empty can of beer	
high above the clouds	checking out each passenger	a stowaway fly
storm warnings...	sunday afternoon by the fire	mail from an old friend	
bright morning??	walking the pain	from my heart	
moon on the lake:	someone has stolen	all my clothes!	
distant lightning	a blackbird tears flesh	from a ripe cherry	
comment2, xenical,  uba, diazepam,  >:-)), buy
evening rain	she lets down	her hair	
past the pleiades the silent flight of many white birds	
end of summer	the sting of a thorn	through my garden glove	
in the lap	of a stone Buddha	fresh snow	
the graveyard	our icy shortcut	through the winter fog	
balloon animals	the kids tether them	to my wrists	
the moon's emerged	now water drips only	under the trees	
bird call . . . insect . . .	who is it wakes me	in the deepest dark?	
slight breeze	all the colors telegraphed	along a spider's line	
day after christmas	all the fathers returning	their children
under a sky	of no particular color	dandelions	
fast freight??	a yellow dandelion	between blue rails	
a grain of rice	on the mayor's face . . .	new year's levee	
first snowflakes	a cat whisker	in my hand	
the shelter of a tree?	neither of us knows	the other's name	
concert in the park?	sudden raindrops	change the tempo	
goose flight?	my gossipy neighbour	speechless	
cowbells clonking	on a torpid afternoon??	the muddy river ford	
winter tulips	squeaking	as they enter the vase	
humid morning -	has bee floats	in the fountain	
sunrise	my neighbor in her underwear	July's last day	
breakfast alone	except for that cricket	behind the fridge	
morning fog	down by the bayou a heron	spears a fish	
november sunshine	the taste of lemon pepper	on my lips	
last rites . . .	rain fading into	bird song
low sun??	a wren's song	spirals	
sunset	the day's heat	still in the car	
budding trees?	chafe marks	from new sandals	
graffiti wall	the rain uncovers	a poem	
grey day	the mailman passes me	with no "have a nice day"	
carousel music	the little girl's smile	comes round again	
heavy rain	my flower seeds sprout	in the neighbor's yard	
carousel music?	i still see my brother	on the painted pony	
my tea cup	still too hot to hold	the shortest day	
Parting the fog	blue nose of the ferry	homeward bound	
temple grounds??	one finch	feeds another	
autumn sun??	map in hand, i search	for my grave site	
cold drizzle . . .	one of the sparrows	sits apart	
tumbled-in barn	blackberry cane	in full bloom	
first stars	the swoop and soar	of swallows	
awakening	to the fly-off shuffle	of pigeons from the roof	
outstretched cormorant	the sun rays filter	through my fingers	
small town??	the smell of	everyone's wood	
March sunrise	rays of red and gold through clouds	a fishing boat returns	
she calls	to tell us she has news	dandelion breeze	
thirty below zero	losing my faith	in turtles	
children's laughter?	a naked woman bathing	in the river	
late november	no leaves to break the fall	of heavy rain	
Crickets in the garden	time passing me by	Mother's ageing hands	
harvest moon?	migrant kids eat the bread	tossed to the crows	
old pond	hesitant	i dip my net	
tea-colored creek??	live salmon make their way	past the dead	
into the space between thoughts falling rose petals	
antiquities room	the curator asks	so whats new?
scudding clouds	the snake as long	as my sleeve	
Loaf of bread	in a puddle	bum has fishing	
alone at the beach??	cones of bent pines	so low to the ground	
a cicada drops	onto the easel pad	cloud shadow	
organic garden	a cactus wren	probes for grubs	
tinted windows -	through the gap	his fingers wriggle thanks	
bright white	her blouse	- The Ides of March	
nameless stream	i vaguely remember	my father's face	
frozen morning	a pansy's blue face	in the leaf litter	
nude ballet	the composer adds	extra notes
ripe persimmons	glazed with frost?	my soft red shawl	
hiroshima day	the first meteors fall	silently	
on the old wall	pictures of the past	the plaster falling.
dawn chorus begins	I reach for	the snooze button	
drunk on the beach-	the moon for my sake cup	Disappears	
bottom of the canyon	a brochure	of spectacular views	
neap tide??	gulls grubble for clams	in the mudflats	
steady snowfall?	reading and re-reading	my daughter's letter	
cherry buds	so much effort	to be nice	
bumbled by a bee	rugosa rose petals fall	through the breathless air	
summer fog	thins in the sun?	a swan emerges	
the sound of scissors	through quilt stuffing:	chill autumn moon
the humid night??	ancient wood carvings	shift their gaze	
identity shouts	through a forest fog of language;	self-affirmation.
monsoon clouds	a solitary	bright red kite	
winter solitude	another long night	where things left off	
the lightest rain	a young squirrel springs out	from under its tail	
the shadow of the fish	hides	in the shadow of a leaf
sunlight	slides?into?his?empty'sandals??	another?winter	
autumn equinox	a crow on the wire	reverses its grip	
withering blossoms??	clay takes shape	on the potter's wheel	
Summer's day	the clink of ice cubes	in my gin and tonic	
pioneer house	the scent of smoke trailing	through the dark rooms	
indian summer	a kid drags his backpack	in the dust	
morning sun -	the long shadows	of little stones	
river stones	along her garden path	wet with dew
people have good things	some people just smell nasty	and people are gross
after brief rain...	petrol rainbows appear	on the tarmac	
February chill	a punctured heart balloon	bright red in the dust	
polar cold -	charging pharmacist	the condom machine	
spring melt	a sheet of snow	punched with crocuses	
another year	the odds and ends	of her crazy quilt	
lunchtime	a dead cicada	surrounded by ants	
colorless wind	the ashes	that don?t scatter	
snowflakes . . .	no two winters	quite the same	
without	a sound	killing frost	
the new year	a homeless man	has a new sign	
a week of rain??	peppermint drops	fused in a clump	
armistice day	an old soldier dozing	on the stage	
these words are crafty	they have stolen precious time	that you can't get back
snowstorm over	my grandson puts a seed	in my hand	
clouds of a cold front	the star i'd been wishing on	winks out	
quiet stable...	the sudden force	of horse piss	
do your worst,   old frost   you can no longer   wound me ...   last chrysanthemum i
beach closed??	a slow walk on the pier	with seagulls	
outside goodwill	a new pair of old jeans	and the blue sky	
a light flurry . . .	carol singers	on fast forward	
moon over the snow	do the dogs scare the coyotes	or coyotes the dogs
Grape flat -	the rainy afternoon	grain by grain	
snow so deep	only the red flag	of the mail box
autumn moon	turtle crawls	in the sand	
where is the full moon	hidden by mist and tall trees	vivid in my mind.
4th of july	a young couple argue	in sign language
terminal...	his favorite ice cream	melts in the cup	
village temple??	kids behind the gods	playing hide and seek	
thinking about how	language is made?	the cold crow's	carrr	
dead of winter . . .	relighting	the pilot flame	
retirement home	my long-johns on the line	still jogging
close enough to touch	i let the junco lead me	away from its nest
horseshoe pit	a yellow maple leaf	leans on the spike	
waiting for moonrise	the moving red dot	becomes a plane	
a pause in the lecture	all at once three students	cross their legs
into the tunnel . . .	late autumn fades	in the rear view	
the suspended hoof	of the ragman's horse	stopped time	
election day	revising the poem	one more time	
millennium eve	twisting the bottle	to a slow pop	
steep trail	a wild rose catches	my breath	
her fingers move	as if counting...	dusk light
mountain forest	. . . only the sound of	snow melting	
two women crying	one giving birth	the other being born
a dusting of snow light on the apple skins
floating log	your words carry me	across the river	
husband spellbound??	his wife's version	of their courtship	
Thanksgiving day	walking past	empty houses	
wild weather	something of it	stirring in me	
visiting artists	all over town	cherry blossoms	
lost	in the pampas grass	geese shadows
houseflies	on the windowsill	dead of winter	
cold wind?	the crow leans	to caw	
epiphany -	Jesus and Mary	stopped at the border	
sun-dappled sidewalk	shadows of new leaves play	on stains of the old	
the radiator behind the door	July heat wave	
closet renovation	removing all her clothes	she nails the carpenter	
crackling frost??	fox kits tumble	in the moonlight	
gathering storm	the scent of lavender	across the fence	
Summer morning	the sound of wind chimes	on every balcony	
third place: ($50)	c. r. manley		turning tide	placing intact clams	back in the water
red leaves	the first to fall	porto tonight	
A pear	A worm's hole leaves	a bitter taste.	
sunrise	we lower	the blinds	
november blossom	a brightness to find	what might have been lost	
roadside diner	a fly inches across	distant hills	
humid afternoon	flat on our backs in the grass	analyzing clouds	
leaf after leaf falls	the way your laugh	makes me laugh	
june:	a sprinkle of rain turning	bales to hay again
dense fog	a blind man crosses	the street alone	
rocky mountains rise	against a clear western sky,	where the eagle flies.
spring dawn	my cup	full of river	
headstones . . .	butterflies move	through the silence	
i will not leave??	apple blossoms collect	on my shoulders	
going through customs	a chef	the sniffer dog pauses	
summer brings the sun	how we wish winter was done	but fall is so fun
moonrise . . .	the german pointer	holds position	
beach stones	the weathered softness	of old jeans	
snow-covered bridge	following in	my son's footsteps	
fresh autumn breeze	or the advance of age?	forgotten tea...	
snowy morn	Reviews pouring another cup	of black coffee	
sleet through bare trees	a titmouse shows me	a fiery black eye	
werewolf movie	at the commercial	letting the dog out
cutting up red pepper	for the salad	a drop of blood	
empty bleachers	a late night fog	takes the field	
chill wind	the windowsill tomato	still warm
little windfall apples?	cartoon cherry bombs	that went pffft	
earthquake	the orange tree drops	its scent	
fistful of sand	the milky way stretching	to where my wife lives	
the indignant cat	has turned its back on me;	ticking clock	
wind blown snow	a ewe's cry	in the night	
Before leaving	scatter the coals -	flight of fireflies	
winter night??	the understanding eyes	of a lumpy teddy	
palm sunday	the birdwatcher	tiptoes out of church	
fallen persimmon	but i recall the green one	my father gave me
summer stars missing:	the dark shape	of the dark lighthouse	
the boy	taught not to cry??	white chrysanthemums	
spring rain	from the woodshed	a hen's cackle	
cliff dwellings	my perspiration salts	ancient stone	
all the butterflies	flapping their wings inside me.	longing to escape.
solstice light	i take	what is offered	
storm clouds ...	a sea eagles shadow	sweeps the treetops
graduation packed	a door is open	to the cooling world	
all saints' day	the rooster crows	again and again	
Snow covered temple	lone woman in a red coat	kneels to pray anyway	
hillside cemetery	all gravestones	face the view	
windless day	one ripe tomato drops	from the vine	
late summer drizzle evening walkers	slow their pace	
long night	the smell of eucalyptus	on a baby's chest	
sunrise	new graffiti	in black and white	
she puts the pads	in her bra	a half moon	
near the horizon	a wave forms	touch me there, again	
a second glass of wine -	the poem goes	unwritten	
after so many thorns	a rare and perfect rose	
zombie debt-	the practised slice	of a bread knife	
twenty years after	- One face down hole	of my father	
as she turns to leave	my mother's	girlish smile	
kitchen table	wild flower bouquet	beer bottle vase	
pinging sleet	she tugs tight	each stitch	
river mouth	the incoming tide	takes it all back	
an old ache returns	tractor ruts	filled with snow	
her texted outrage	sent	with a well placed tap
capturing snowflake fireflies with my tongue
flowers	cut early	on the pavement	
buddha on the   hill...   from your holy   nose indeed   hangs an icicle
pisces rising??	the big one	runs with my line	
gives Gaza	no tears eyes	Moon Winter	
a heat wave	the butterfly	fans its shadow
grass on the graves	a whippoorwill	far away	
autumn drizzle	a terra cotta pot	in pieces	
morning walk	the stranger's dog	knows my scent	
empty clothesline??	the mockingbird	begins his song	
seed catalogues	in the mail daily	morning snow fluries	
small clear morning -	a haiku Basho	before leaving	
waning moon	a hand-printed sign reads:	"lost dog"	
wildflowers	each of them	a different me	
a rooster	the split rail fence	zig-zags	
peak hour traffic	beneath the harbour bridge	a humpback slaps its tail	
call to prayer	roosters too	fresh morning air	
a drop of ink -	tadpoles wriggle	on the water's surface	
sub-zero	geese flow backwards	with the swollen tide	
spring wind	the magnolia sweeps	the sky	
hunter's moon	a christmas beetle slips	from the child's hands	
fog over the skyline	I steam up my windows	cooking pasta	
spring planting	her refusal	to compromise
melancholia,	and the subtle shift of dusk;	darkly dropping night.
moldy odors	in the nursing home	dying elders	
low mass	the old priest believes	more than he remembers	
thunderclap??	the sun tea	darkens	
green water	i silently join	the dolphins	
gooseflesh	in the cold grass	crickets	
lake louise	silently i sit inside	a photograph
back into the fog	amidst the red-wood oak trees	this; meditation
